,Review
0,"Dunkirk is, in my opinion, yet another masterpiece from mastermind Christopher Nolan. Since everything that is brilliant about the film has already been said I will briefly write what I think of the film and also touch on a topic that some people are criticizing the movie for.The fantastically directed film is told from 3 perspectives non chronologically. It superbly tackles the narrative and the non linear story doesn't at all pull you away from the intensity of the events happening on screen that don't stop from 00:00 to the last scene. Hans Zimmer most likely gives one of the most fitting scores for a war film ever. Sometimes there is only one note playing followed by heartbeat sounds and a ticking clock while other times a massive orchestra is interpreting what is going on on screen. The movie brilliantly projects the feeling of each and every soldier on the beach to the audience. Confusion, turmoil and fear. The cinematography was breathtaking and I felt anxious throughout most of the run time. There is no lead in this film and I can't really say anyone stuck out as giving a brilliant performance because it wasn't needed and I'll explain why.The biggest criticisms of Dunkirk that I've heard of so far are that the characters are lacking in depth and that we aren't given anything to be invested in them. I feel like Nolan was trying (successfully) to make the audience care for each and every one of the men on the beach. He needed to have some form of ""main characters"" to be in the story so that we can see the events unfold from the direct perspective of all of the soldiers. Usually in war films (I'll use saving private Ryan as an example) the plot revolves around certain soldiers (like Cpt. Miller and Ryan) being in a war and doing things in the war but its still about THEM not THE WAR as much. In my opinion Dunkirk is a telling the STORY OF DUNKIRK. Not of Harry Style's character or Tom Hardy's character but of Dunkirk. What any of the ""main characters"" felt, every other soldier felt. Nolan resorted more to film-making techniques to tell the story rather than dialogue and that is why some people might have had a problem with the lack of character depth but realistically this type of terrible event wouldn't be a place for someone to ""develop"" as a character but rather a event where MEN WANTED ONLY SURVIVAL, and Nolan showed that perfectly. As for what the top review of Dunkirk on IMDb says about 'lack of emotion' in the film, I believe this to be a completely incorrect statement. Maybe he was referring to the lack of 'brotherhood amongst men' or the feeling of moral or something epic like that. Again the longing for the 'Saving Private Ryan' format of war films. What the reviewer fails to see is that realistically there was NO emotion on that beach besides fear and confusion. And I can safely say that Nolan and Zimmer and the DP all successfully gave us those feelings.9.5/10"
1,"I guess I shouldn't be surprised how many people don't like this movie in an era of CGI, reboots, remakes, sequels, prequels, and generally easy to digest movies/tv shows. This is a real Christopher Nolan movie, not a Batman, but a real Christopher Nolan movie like Memento or Prestige. Watch it a few times. Pay attention to the details. Appreciate the sensory experience.Most of these bad reviews are because the person watched it once and was upset they weren't spoon fed every aspect of the characters and story. There is a ton of characterization and a great story but you have to pay attention."
2,"If you read through the swarm of negative reviews, you might notice a common theme: boring, dull, lack of characters. It's incredibly disappointing that they seemed the miss the entire point of the film.This is not a film about heroic soldiers triumphing against all odds while blowing up Nazis with transformer-esque explosions.This is a movie about scenes, not characters. -and every scene is memorable, from the bombings to the torpedoes to the aerial dogfights. My co-worker, who is obsessed with WW2 planes, noted how incredibly perfect they got the British Supermarine Spitfire from the roar of the Rolls-Royce engine to the rattle of the components in the cabin. The accuracy and intensity of the dogfight was captured perfectly as well, mimicking the aerial maneuvers, firepower and damage in a realistic and dramatic fashion. The torpedoes noticed only moments before impact with it's slow monotonous movement sent chills of realization down my spine. Even in the beginning of the film, the way in which the Nazi leaflets were presented gave you some glimpse into the panic and anxiety felt by those soldiers.I felt the ""lack of characters"" was realistic and served the film as well. War is not about larger-than-life personalities with specialized weapons being bad-asses. It's about nameless and faceless soldiers facing an existential crisis, the possibility of randomized death, and how they can either respond with despair or hope.If you want characters you can root for and a happy ending where the bad guy in vanquished, then there are plenty of movies for you. But if you want a small glimpse into the despair, anxiety, hope, courage, and will of the British WW2 fighters then there is no better film ever made than this one."
3,"Saw an early screening tonight in Denver.I don't know where to begin. So I will start at the weakest link. The acting. Still great, but any passable actor could have been given any of the major roles and done a great job. I know almost no more about the battle of Dunkirk after seeing the film than I did before, and I am not exactly a WWII historian. Truth be told, I learned all I know about the battle of Dunkirk from the movie poster. Does that weaken the film? Hell no, this is a film about survival. The opening scene tells it all and sets the stage as we get our first glimpse into a young soldier's need to stay alive, and his creative attempts to do so. That actor may even be considered the main character of the film. More words have been written so far in this review than he speaks. And I have no clue who the actor in that role is. It is humorous that Tom Hardy looks like Bane through most the film in the role of a pilot wearing an oxygen mask throughout. Kenneth Branagh is the only officer with any lines in the film, so that should give you an idea of the POV that we experience. We are the enlisted man trying to find a way to stay alive in a chaotic and harrowing battle. Though I believe Dunkirk will win every single technical Oscar, I would be surprised if it has any acting nominations at all.How does Nolan elevate this above other films of a similar nature? I think he says it best himself, when he describes Dunkirk as a thriller more than a war film. He pulls that off superbly.When a ship starts to take in water as numerous bullets penetrate its hull, I wanted to jump out of my seat and cover up the holes myself.The film has three separate stories that are titled Mole, Sea and Air. And we all know where Moles live. The way the narratives of the three stories unfold and how they are all tied together is what makes the film a masterpiece. Much has been said about Nolan using IMAX film cameras and how the film is enriched by this. I don't know. I doubt I saw actual film being projected at my screening. Every frame looked terrific though. So what is the most superlative aspect of the film? Gotta be the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer will win the Oscar for this without a doubt. So , so brilliant. This is not a soundtrack that I would buy at the store and play on my stereo. This is a soundtrack that weaves throughout the three narratives seamlessly and creates this phenomenal sense of tension. There are times when a two or three minute tense orchestral passage plays continuously as the story shifts from the ground to the sea then to the air and the music draws the three stories together. Zimmer's soundtrack reminds me of the way that Bernard Hermann's work was so vitally important in building suspense in most Hitchcock films. Though that description almost sells Zimmer short. His soundtrack is that good.I don't think this is a film that will retain even half of its strength in your home theater. No folks, this is a film that you cough up for an overpriced IMAX ticket and rationalize it by knowing that experiencing Dunkirk in any other fashion will just not cut it."
4,"I am always relatively confident that I'll enjoy the work of Christopher Nolan based off his pretty decent track record, however this gripping re-imagining of one of the darkest moments of World War II stands as not only some of Nolan's greatest work but one of the greatest war films I have ever experienced.Dunkirk does not necessarily tell the story of any one particular character, but rather adopts the event itself as the films vehicle, resulting in an experience which uses its characters to portray the event rather than the event to portray its characters. This is presented through scenes taking place at different stages of the evacuation across the land, air and sea, creating a distinctive setting for each, but culminating in the same final conclusion. This being said despite Dunkirk's focus not necessarily being its characters, I did not find a single character performance in this film lacking or inconsistent with the tone or setting presented technically. In particular Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and debut actor Fionn Whitehead gave especially memorable performances consistent with the striking spectacle Nolan presents. As is expected with Christopher Nolan's films the visual presentation in Dunkirk has few rivals, the set pieces are outstanding with the use of breathtaking establishing shots to highlight the true historical scale of the real life evacuation. Action is presented in a smooth focused manner utilizing a few precise shots rather than an explosion of two second jump cuts we have come to expect in modern day action movies. There are multiple sequences which portray the pure fear, claustrophobia and disorder present in those final weeks of the evacuation and it is this ever present tension that will keep you engaged for the entirety of the run-time. However it is the sound design which truly made this production a masterpiece for me, delivering one of the most realistic representations of the terrifying sounds of War. Gunfire had a distinctly different tone to other films, being delivered with sharp crack, explosions where accompanied by a deep base and the famous 'Jericho Trumpet' made by the Stuka's presence be constantly reminded and portrayed the sense of helplessness present at Dunkirk perfectly.This is only enhanced by Hans Zimmer's excellent soundtrack embedded across the entirety of the film. Alongside Inception, Dunkirk showcases the exceptional talent Nolan & Zimmer have for combining meaningful score with striking imagery to create a distinctive emotional response from their audience. Through the skillful incorporation of an ever presenting droning base, screeching guitar strings and ticking timepiece the continual sense of urgency and dread felt by those both on land and sea is enforced across the entire film by this excellent soundscape. As a result I highly recommend that should you be given the chance you experience Dunkirk for the first time on the big screen, as the combination of a cinema screen and encapsulating surround sound will leave you with a truly memorable experience. Even though this is a film a majority will go into undoubtedly knowing the final conclusion, Dunkirk is an experience I highly recommend everyone consider, presenting a defining moment of modern history in one of the most technically accomplished and memorably striking ways, Dunkirk will undoubtedly go down as a hallmark in film-making for many years to come."
5,"What a Brilliant movie. We saw this on the night of the World Premiere, intense and packed full of fabulous acting... The camera shots were absolutely spot on, and you couldn't look away for a second without missing a perfect scene. The entire score, coupled with the dialogue and videography made this film and I cannot wait to see it again."
6,"This review will be mostly spoiler free but I don't want to be banned so I clicked it just to be safe..The basic plot revolves around the 450,000 odd British soldiers trapped in Dunkirk, France as the German troops close in. They don't close in on foot though, instead opting to pick the trapped soldiers off from the air and sea.This movie isn't a propaganda piece touting the glory of British resilience; most of the movie is just young men trying to survive, petrified for their own lives. The threat is ever present, there was a wonderful sense of tension throughout the entire movie. You really felt the cinema shake as the German planes closed in on the soldiers and let loose their bombs and you can feel the thick fog of fear.The enemy in this movie is very interesting because you never actually see a German face. The enemy is just a looming threat and comes in the shape of torpedo attacks and bombs from planes. I read that Nolan spent a lot of time studying silent films and how they built tension which is pulled off masterfully in this movie. Like the movie Gravity once this movie begins there is no down time, they are constantly being attacked in one way or another.The casting for this movie was absolutely superb. Our very own Barry Keoghan had a short role that I would liked to have seen fleshed out more but he pulled it off very well. Cillian Murphy was wonderful as always and played the role of a shell shocked soldier. Mark Rylance stole the show for me and put on a stellar performance as the father who is doing his duty to his country. His bravery never fades. Fionn Whitehead and Aneurin Barnard were excellent choices and I liked how Nolan chose largely unknown and inexperienced actors to mimic how young and inexperienced the soldiers really were during the war.When I heard that Harry Styles was in this movie I figured that it was just a clever ploy to pull in more ticket sales but I absolutely stand corrected. He put on an authentic, honest performance that was very impressive. There's a great scene in a boat where you see how he is affected by desperation and sheer terror that really sold it for me, his performance was extremely consistent.Tom Hardy is a chameleon... Any role he plays he is completely dedicated and immersed and you can't peel your eyes away from him. He has some of the most nail biting scenes and his scenes toward the end of the movie were very emotional and moving.Strangely enough some parts of the movie felt like watching old WW2 footage; it was grainy and real. This movie didn't rely on CGI, it was gritty and honest and beautifully shot.You really can't talk about a Christopher Nolan without talking about Hans Zimmer and the soundtrack. There were some scenes that were reminiscent of the docking scene in Interstellar because the music flowed so well with each scene that it evoked a sense of urgency and intensity. This is a phenomenal soundtrack. The movie starts to a ticking clock and it's only a matter of time until time runs out.There is very little dialogue in this movie but it isn't missed at all. This movie is an emotional power horse. I was genuinely moved a couple of times throughout it and it's one that will stay in my head for a long time.THE GOOD:Casting was perfect, the lesser known actors held their own weight against some of the veterans. The cinematography was fantastic, you really felt completely immersed in the movie. Hans Zimmer's score was Oscar-worthy. The movie will leave you on the edge of your seat throughout.THE BAD:The story line is not always linear which was confusing. Dialogue was sometimes hard to hear (but not necessary)_______Dunkirk is a fantastic movie, it's as simple as that. This should be the standard of movie that other directors should attain to achieve and here Nolan proves that he is one of the greatest directors of all time. The acting is superb and the entire movie is a treat for the eyes and ears. Don't miss out on seeing this in a cinema."
7,"Awards will follow.How often can any of us say that a film lives with us for days, I've not been able to add that tag to anything I've seen in years. Within the first few moments of this film I knew this was going to be such a film. Most of us will know the incredible Dunkirk story, the fear many would have had I think would have been that the story was sensationalised, or lacking the real essence. All you can say is Christopher Nolan has once again shown his genius, this film is a masterpiece. You have no choice but to feel raw emotion as you watch, feelings of despair, hope, anger, fear, terror, you will feel exhausted having watched this film.The acting is impeccable, every single member of the cast performs to an incredible standard (maybe Harry Styles's character will irritate one or two,) Mark Rylance is utterly sensational, as is Kenneth Branagh, the scene where his character looks up and sees the fishing boats arrive is one of the most moving in the filmThe camera-work is astonishing, as is the music, which for me was one of the most powerful elements of the film, it built tension to enormous degrees.There is a realism in this film which I find quite incredible, at times it's so difficult to watch, it brought elements to life I hadn't even thought of. I can see this being used in history lessons of the future.The only real question is how many awards will this win. See this film, it's utterly incredible."
8,"From a different viewpoint as this author walked down 101 floors of the South Tower on September 11. Worked for Aon and came away with not PTSD or dust-health problems (I was far uptown when the towers came down). So as I sat watching Dunkirk, the cummulative effect was to virtually relive aspects of THAT day for me. It's impossible to describe horror, fear and what it was like to BE there, or BE at Dunkirk. Many films and books (fondly MRS. MINIVER was the first). Or the heroic dogfights of BATTLE OF Britain. This one - far different. I came out of the theater feeling that I had just been through not only Dunkirk but 9-11 as well. It is THAT effective. The lack of dialogue for a good part of the film draws the viewer INTO the story as a real participant. YOU'RE THERE. Spielberg did it a few times such as the 20 minute Omaha Beach segment of SAVING PRIVATE RYAN but even that film became just a more intense version of the standard war film.Be prepared to have your life changed by this one. It's that damn good."
9,"This is another masterpiece from Christopher Nolan. Brilliant acting by Tom, Mark, Fionn and Harry. Amazing war scenes. When i saw the movie, I could actually feel the atmosphere of the world war. The film is directed and presented perfectly by the perfectionist Christopher Nolan. I will watch this movie again and again. That's how much I liked it. This movie is definitely in my top 5 favourite movies."
10,"Utterly stunning in every department. Can't find a single fault with the film. My grandfather was injured at Dunkirk and I wish he was still alive to see this. if it doesn't win the best film Oscar, there's something wrong. To James Cartwright (0/10 guy trying to get his political points across). Did you actually see the film?"
11,"Extremely good movie. Watched it last night and it was better than I expected. Full of great scenes and amazing screenplay.This was by far the best movie i've seen in the past decade. Moreover, it's probably in my top 3 great history movies. I would recommend you all watching this movie, a piece of art."
12,"I'm not fan of movies about war at all, but some days ago I was impressed by The Prestige and wanted to see more Nolan. There are no gory fights or something that will affectedly play on your emotions. However, it held me in suspense the whole screening. Lack of tough story-line did not let me get bored. The story tells us about thousands deadlocked people. So much as wanting back to home, some afraid of conviction and milksop mark. It is not focused on one main person. We can see the situation from different angels, and I liked each. Also, tired of variegated films, my eyes enjoyed color grading and great acting of the cast that surprised me.I like all about this movie, it literally stroke a chord with me."
13,Not sure why is didn't win film of the year. Much better than the shape of water
14,"What a movie. This has to be the best way to tell a story. Many people may find it boring as its slow paced. But this slowliness of the movie give the sense of terror which happend in the story. I like how its mainly without any music. Its a simple war story told by a soldier's pov. Its slow, just like a human's life. For me, this movie is amazing as its able to show the true problems faced by those people. I love this one"
15,"For the naysayers on the depth of the story, the whole point of the movie is so that you can have an immersed experience in the battle scenes told from multiple perspectives.This movie is truly a visual and sound combination masterpiece. In short, it is a masterpiece that brings out the experience. The movie doesn't contain a lot of the dialogues but shows you scenes of realistic battle experiences which allows the movie-goers to taste the experience of the Dunkirk Evacuation.Furthermore, because of Nolan's usage of real world objects such as the real Dunkirk beach, real destroyers, real boats, and real planes, the movie is second to none in terms of its graph effects. Nothing like those cheap CGI-generated movies.In addition, with the combination of sharp sound of planes accentuated by the dark and ominous music composed by Zimmer, this movie is a master piece that shifts one from situation to situation, watching events unfold from multiple perspectives.In addition, without the dialogue, the movie also doesn't lend itself to propaganda. Nothing like the intertwined love story of the Pearl Harbor. In addition, even though it was told from the British side and even though the cast and the movie producers are all British and Irish, the movie is surprisingly unbiased depicting the competency of both German and British soldiers of the time.Due to these reasons, I'd strongly recommend anyone to watch the movie."
16,"Best movie of year, one of the best movies ever and best war movie ever. Timelines and time sections of movie was made and arranged unprecedentedly. The way that movie was shoot and showing us the story and events is amazing unique and unrivaled so everyone will be excited and Ill give 10/10 because THIS IS PERFECT and you can only rate it 10 and enjoy it."
17,"I can honestly state that no other film has truly given me the feeling of actually being on location, which, in the case of Dunkirk, 1940, is not altogether a pleasant experience. But it's a great, great film. I've never seen anything like it. It is also the most un-theatrical film I have seen to date; it actually comes across as a documentary. The acting is admirably restrained, the dialog all but absent, and the cinematography to die for. The casting is inspired. From the crooked teeth of our main tommy, aptly named Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) to Commander Bolton (Branagh, who always looks any part he plays), everyone could be your average Brit in WW2. No gloss, no glitter. Not even elevated rhetorics: Churchill's speech of 4 June '40 is read aloud from a newspaper, with no gusto and interrupted.Nolan takes the decisive moment of World War II, the evacuation from Dunkirk which was the bleakest hour of the war when it seemed like Germany would win after having subjugated every country in Europe save England. The colossal evacuation, performed primarily by private fishing boats, gave 300,000 men the opportunity to fight again. The subsequent Battle of Britain, one month later, convinced the US about entering the war and aid the allies before fighting in the Pacific, and this was what sealed Hitler's fate.We may be apt to forget how easily the allies might have lost the war – but Nolan reminds us with a vengeance, especially near the end of film when the survivors return to England as they believe in disgrace. They have done nothing but survive. But their survival turned the tide."
18,"Christopher Nolan succeeds in the challenge of describing a non-winning subject (a stinging military defeat) and highlighting the spirit of solidarity and hope. An uninterrupted and deliberately oppressive music, a high-quality photography, talented actors, ... two thumbs up!!!! As a sweet euphemism, I'm not a fan of war movies, but Christopher Nolan signs a masterpiece of the seventh art."
19,"The movie directed by Christopher Nolan and produced by his wife Emma Thomas is extremely well directed. Dunkirk is all about WW2 between may and June , 1940. Excellent Cinematography. Thousands and thousands of soldiers on land, boat at sea and airplanes in air are fascinating to watch. It is amazing how camera-work was perfect . All actors did their part well. All the land events details took place in a week , the ones at sea in a day and all aircraft details in an hour. The scene where aircraft lands on water and is on fire is exquisite. Definite Oscar worthy for Cinematography. Very appropriate dialog and script is fit for soldiers, Navy, AirForce. Superb. Great direction. Good editing. excellent music. 1hr 46 minutes on big screen . Perfect."
20,"This movie had me sitting on the edge of my sweet the whole way through, it was incredibly engaging. The use, or lack or, dialect creates an indescribable atmosphere and forces the watcher to pay attention. The use of a nearly constant, if not constant sound bed includes the viewer in the experience and allows them to go on ups and downs along with the movie."
21,"I'm currently re-reading Hugh Sebag-Montefiore's ""Dunkirk"" (which is a fantastic book by the way and highly recommended for anyone who wishes to have a micro- or macroscopic view on the topic) and based on that source the movie is not always historically accurate. On top of that there are some events that seem too fantastic just based on common sense. This was my first impression.Having now seen the movie twice, I forgot and forgave the inaccuracies, went with the flow, and I think the movie is a masterpiece. It is a collage of events from the viewpoint of individuals who in fact lose all traits of individuality when facing the monstrous war. The movie looks beautiful, the soundtrack is revolutionary and the way the different moments in time are sequenced is ingenious and impressionistic. Chapeau!"
22,"I am Dunkirk crazy. I have seen it twice, including the world premier release at 7:15am, where I got a free Dunkirk t-shirt as a first showing promotion for IMAX.The first two viewings were due to booking a later showing which had a relatively poorer seat near the front, so I booked the early morning one with a better seat as I was d e s p e r a t e to see it ASAP.I now have tickets to see it twice more, again on IMAX 70 I just love it so much. So thrilling, so visceral.I was crying, cheering, proud, anxious, relieved: the whole gamut of emotions. I needed oxygen.The splendid soundtrack was almost Metallica on speed with a syncopy similar to a heart rate beating faster and faster. My pulse was off the stratosphere.I did feel a bit nauseous at the hand-held camera jogging along with the guys running across the beach, and although I dare say it is a clever technique and quite deliberate, some of the out-of-focus shots of background forces personnel were annoying. Harry Styles cuts a convincing figure as a young soldier although Fionn Whitehead (pronounced: 'Finn', apparently) steals the show with his serious expression and the guy in the boat in the red jumper, Peter, 'the Captain's son', played by Tom Glynn- Carney, is just so polite, handsome and British, I wanted to hug him - I have a crush! - and his dad, a stubborn irascible Welshman is brilliant with his quiet deadpan determination.It's amazing to discover that this is a 'first movie' for Fionn Whitehead and Tom Glynn-Carney, as well as Harry Styles. What great casting. Fionn comes across as a young glowering Tom Courtney, Harry, a rebellious James Dean/Mick Jagger type and Tom an affable Cliff Richard (as in Summer Holiday).The upper-class airman on the boat sounds like an American trying to put on a posh British accent. It is, in fact, Cillian Murphy, who I found out later, hails from Ireland. It was the way he said, 'Yacht', that gave it away.It was obvious Harry Styles is not RADA trained as his diction is poor and I struggled to understand what he was saying, although I got it (well, almost all of it) the second time round. He over-acted as well, but being a good actor comes with time.The soundtrack goes right through you, you really have to see it at volume 11 with the screen in your face.It is worth the extra five pounds or so to see it on IMAX, so I urge you to see it before it's too late and all you have is the DVD download or the edited TV film with commercial breaks.Take an afternoon or morning off work - the evening sessions are all sold out - and just go see. Even if you have to sit in the front row at the end, beg steal or borrow and see it well.I love this film with all my heart. It is the best film EVER. made.Despite my minor moans above, I would still have given it an eleven, given half a chance.At both showings, people spontaneously applauded at the end."
23,Dunkirk is a captivating and completely immersive from start to end. Out of any of the movies that I have seen this year this movie really peaked my interest because of the unique choices made by the production team (eg; hiring actors that are essentially no names). This film has a great visual style that is intense yet methodical which is complemented very well by the masterful directing by Christopher Nolan. In conclusion Dunkirk is an experience like no other movie that has come out this year so far. Highly recommend it to any type of audience.
24,"Dunkirk offers the most intense, beach set cinematic experience since the iconic film Jaws. In this new adaptation of such a strong battle, Christopher Nolan's talent as director and writer shines through, creating a visual masterpiece that leaves you mesmerized.The battle of Dunkirk was a short one, May 26 to June 4, 1940. Despite its minimal timeframe, it was deadly. WWII Allied soldiers were hiding, surrounded on all sides by the German Army and had to be evacuated on the beaches of Dunkirk, by way of an operation famously known as Operation Dynamo. On the ground, British Army Privates Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) and Alex (Harry Styles) are two of the men desperately fighting and struggling to remain alive and safely evacuate the beach, by whatever means available. Across the ocean, local sailors Mr. Dawson (Mark Rylance) and his son Peter (Toms Carney) had been recruited by the Navy to help with the evacuation. From yet another perspective, members of the Royal Air Force including Farrier (Tom Hardy) attempt to shoot down the German bombers, in order to help the stranded troops evacuate the beach and ocean safely.Let's talk about the production of the film. The cinematography, as expected from talented director and writer Christopher Nolan, is groundbreaking. Congratulations to Hoyte van Hoyterman for creating a visual masterpiece. Everything looks incredibly realistic and breathtaking, keeping you on your toes throughout the film. The scene that is the most memorable to me, is when one of the Air Force pilots soar through the sunset sky as the troops cheer in victory. I assure you that it will give you goosebumps and make you teary-eyed.The sound effects and the music by Hans Zimmer make the movie that much more tangible. The bombing begins from the very start of the film, preparing you for an emotional roller-coaster. They are so loud that it sounds as if they're coming from the back of the theater. If you listen closely, there's a ticking clock throughout the entire film, (minus the ending, which I will keep under wraps for you to discover) hidden within each song, creating increased tension and suspense. By the end of the film, I was already down to the nub of my fingertips, so prepare to be antsy!Harry Styles' performance is quite impressive, particularly since he is a known as a singer, not an actor. It is refreshing to see his excellent performance her, as he is the one with the most lines and delivers them eloquently, equal to an experienced actor. Cillian Murphy and Tom Hardy also delivered remarkable performances. Dunkirk relies heavily on emotions since it barely has any dialogue, so it is important to have the story delivered by the visuals and the acting, which they achieved flawlessly.Dunkirk is rated PG-13 for intense war experiences and some language. Because of the stunning cinematography and story line, I rate Dunkirk 5 out of 5 stars and recommend it for ages 13 to 18. Go check it out, whether you are a history buff or not, this film will remind you how history affects us.Reviewed by Michelle C., KIDS FIRST! Film Critic."
25,"For a teenager today, Dunkirk must seem even more distant than the Boer War did to my generation growing up just after WW2. For some, Christopher Nolan's film may be the most they will know about the event.But it's enough in some ways because even if it doesn't show everything that happened, maybe it goes as close as a film could to letting you know how it felt.""Dunkirk"" focuses on a number of characters who are inside the event, living it minute by minute. Tommy, the soldier at the centre of the story, seems at first glance to be the antithesis of the Dunkirk legend. Maybe he fits a New Millennium sensibility rather than a 1940's one, more like a contestant on ""Survivor"". He does show initiative, but a soldier who throws away his weapon then ""helps"" wounded to the rear risked a court martial in every army from the Roman Legions on. The lines of stoic soldiers waiting patiently on the beach, the enduring image of the evacuation, seem almost like a backdrop as Tommy and his mate run through them.The man who embodies the spirit to the full is Dawson, the civilian captain of the Moonstone. He is the sort of man who wins wars; the bloke who sticks to the task when others buckle under pressure; ""There's no hiding from this thing son,"" he says to an officer whose nerve has cracked, all the while steering his little boat towards Dunkirk.The scenes of aerial combat look so real it makes all other depictions pale in comparison. Peter Jackson once planned to do a remake of ""The Dam Busters"", but possibly Christopher Nolan would add another dimension to the retelling.
The brilliant special effects serve the story. Much of the panorama of Dunkirk is glimpsed almost incidentally from the cockpit of fighter planes or by men struggling in the water.There are surprises for anyone who thinks they know the story or have seen documentaries or other recreations of the event; it's very different to the crowded Dunkirk of ""Atonement"".An unsettling score helps heighten the tension in a film that has you holding your breath in scene after scene. This is a film that demands more than one viewing."
26,"Before you decide to watch ""Dunkirk"" I have a bit of a warning. While you would expect death and blood in a war film, some of the scenes in the film are amazingly tough to watch. There's actually very little blood, but there are some drowning scenes which are intense and awful. Now I am not saying don't watch it...just be prepared.The story is a retelling of the escape of the British* from the beaches of Dunkirk. The German army was coming and the combined British and French forces were trapped with little apparent chance to escape. And, as an army of over 300,000 Brits dug in and waited, the Luftwaffe began chipping away at them....and ultimately would have killed and/or captured them all if it wasn't for a rag-tag flotilla of private boats which hastily arrived and spirited away about 80-90% of the men.By the way, early in the film you hear someone speaking to the pilot (Tom Hardy) over the radio. The voice is that of Michael Caine....an odd and brief cameo.The story is gripping, well told and brilliant. I have only one complaint, and I am surprised it made it to the film considering how amazing a director Christopher Nolan is. At one point, the scene switches between some men in a boat being attacked and a private yacht rescuing downed pilots. The scenes kept switching back and forth....but one was clearly at night and the other clearly was in daylight. This really didn't make any sense. Still, otherwise an amazing spectacle...a truly amazing war film."
27,"No reviewer was lying when they said see this in 70mm IMAX (full disclosure, I saw this on a regular screen). In my opinion, it necessitates it. I can just ""tell"" from what I saw. The aerial shots alone would provide good reasoning for it, but the sound that those theaters provide with the big picture in front of you will captivate you exactly the right way.This isn't a social kind of film, and it certainly isn't popcorn entertainment. Not a summer blockbuster at all. This film's scope feels very small, even though it carries epic tones within. Nolan really broke a lot of traditional film conventions with this, and I think that exact kind of ambition is what makes this movie work for a more general audience. I somewhat think audience members need to know what they're getting into beforehand to be accepting of that fact, but once they are I think they will be just fine.On a technical level, I think this is Nolan's best yet. The Prestige still might get higher honors simply because of the more demanding writing that is involved, but given what Nolan intended to do, this nearly screams ""perfection."" Did he try and go for an R-rating? No. Did that matter? Not even close. Did he try and provide massive amounts of character development? No. Did that matter? Depends on who you talk to. I could honestly say that if there were two cuts of this film—an extended cut that develops the characters and this one—you could give us the option and we would find the one we enjoy more depending on what we're looking for. Did he look to vilify the Germans to the point of controversy? No. Did that matter? It didn't, but only one part does stick out for me (the ""one flaw"" that Nolan often has trouble with in his writing) and I'll get back to that in a moment.""Harrowing"" is easily my favorite word to describe Dunkirk. This is a survival film, and that's all it is. He put us on the beach, on the sea, and in the air. He gave the characters a want and will to live with an impending threat for which we understand its consequence, without need of showing thousands of deaths or lots of blood. When one moment of attempted survival ends, another one begins without warning. That doesn't mean the film is relentless action, but it certainly is relentless tension, if for no other reason than Hans Zimmer's score. I'm telling you right now, his score is my favorite part of the film. It's actually mostly a quiet kind of score, but it is frightening and works with the film so very well.Nolan has had a lot of trouble doing ""show, not tell"" in his past films. This time he has learned a lot, not letting the actors expose everything (acting was fine all around, by the way... not much to say about it honestly, as it's not the film's high point). I did not feel the presence of the surrounding enemies, though. If the film didn't tell us about it, I probably wouldn't have felt the pressure of getting off that beach sooner than later. Hearing the planes incoming was always scary of course, but as we only had the British perspective and a week-long time line at most, there simply wasn't a chance of feeling time cave in on them. This to me is this film's only real flaw.That being said, the only real limitation that holds this film back is that it's based in reality, which means that we are already aware of the outcome. I think for this particular story it's fine, because it's not one specific moment that lets us breathe again... so letting it play out the way that it did is okay with me. I do not think this will go over with people who come in completely uneducated about Dunkirk. I made a mistake in stating that I wanted this film to educate me on the evacuation story. I think I'd rather have learned about it first and then seen the film, kind of like seeing United 93 after having lived 9/11 (not totally, but I was at least cognizant of all that transpired). That doesn't mean to research the film itself, but rather just the historical event.I do hope that Nolan goes back to fictional work after this. Here was an awesome deviation from the norm that he chose to do, and he went out in grand style. I could have used a longer film with fleshed out character development, but this film also works as well especially in the month of July. I see this receiving many Oscar nominations such as score, editing, cinematography, visual effects, etc... I do not see any acting or writing awards... and yes, I see a director nomination as well. If the academy believes some of those earn him victories, then god damn it give him his Best Picture Oscar as well.I can't really yet rank this film with his other films, because it's just so different. I don't see too many of the Inception parallels here. Every film of his outside of Insomnia either does nonlinear or intertwining storytelling, but this one is without the cleverness involved in the script. It's just playing things out as they do. Survive. So to revisit, I believe this may be his best work yet, even if I don't know if it's my favorite of his. I really just want to put this in another category from other films entirely, in which case it's my favorite of ""that kind of film.""My heart is still pounding from this film. I simply cannot wait to see this in 70mm IMAX on Thursday."
28,"Christopher Nolan's newest film Dunkirk is a psychologically harrowing war film about one of the terrifying events occurred in history. While it may not be one of his best films, it still is a profound, powerful war film that truly honors the fact based story and event. Nolan crafts this film as if we, the audience is one of the frightened soldiers attended at the tragic yet distressing event that plays at the big screen extensively realistic. Dunkirk does the best job at satisfyingly delivering the frighteningly realistic portrayal of war and the evacuation in the outlook of the soldiers who were desperate at reaching home. What makes Dunkirk one of the best war films and eminently realistic are the production designs which has a usage of substantial boats, planes etc, the impressive performances and the top- notch sound design.Most films especially superhero action flick consistently include large reliance on CGI. It has become the crucial trend in the film industry. Nevertheless, Dunkirk has none of that. It uses practical effects, real-life locations, and substantive components. As a result, when boats sink or planes blow-up, it makes these additionally terrifying and hand-gripping. Dunkirk has some of the best aerial dogfights ever put to screen. Unlike the typical war films, Dunkirk isn't about sympathetic characters whom we know about their history or the amazing, drastic action sequences. This film mainly focuses on the evacuation and the survival throughout these drastically harsh conditions that are far from survival. It shows three directions which are the beach, standpoints at the boats, and the air. These three viewpoints intertwined concentratedly expressing the chances of survival of the 400,000 soldiers stuck at Dunkirk. The sound design was terrifyingly perfect embodying the gunshots, airplanes, and the crashes more resonant and an enhanced viewing experience that was memorable. All of the actors are great. Nolan used plentiful of young actors as the frightened soldiers. The main standouts were Tom Hardy (Farrier), Kenneth Branagh (Commander Bolton) and Mark Rylance (Mr. Dawson). All of these characters appear as the central focuses at the beach, the air, and the boats as they balance these stories. Mr. Dawson appears as one of the civilian vessels marching to help the soldiers. Additionally, Harry Styles (Alex) had an impactful presence along with Fionn Whitehead (Tommy). Overall, Dunkirk is an emotionally impactful and powerful war film about heroism, survival and a deep message that evacuation can be the victory along the supports of civilians. Nolan crafts this film thoroughly realistic, gritty and brutal for a PG-13 rated film. While the characters may not be the strongest, this is about war, the horror of the moment.Grade: A"
29,"This was boring, unrealistic and a total waste of money"
30,"Dunkirk is an experience not to be missed. State of the art cinematography sees a welcome exchange for enthralling camera work, soundtracks and composure over bloody combat, resulting in a quintessential portrayal of the Dunkirk evacuation. The plot, despite being gripping, is not the films strongest point. The films intention is to provide an accurate and stunning representation of the Dunkirk evacuation which the film was ever so successful at. Prepare to be taken back by tense aerial battles over millions of kilometers of vast, unforgiving ocean and experience the hopes of 400,000 soldiers rise and fall as each ship comes and goes, taking the lucky and leaving the rest to wait in fear. Unrivaled visual effects pose the relentless German forces as a greater threat then ever as you cling to your seat every time an enemy aircraft swoops in dropping fatal bombs and unceasing machine gun fire. Enemy threat will always be in the back the of your mind, allowing the film to be a never ending climax, providing every scene with captivating tension. Be sure to watch this masterpiece in a cinema to experience the intended impacts of Dunkirk's splendid audio and visual effects which are best enjoyed by surround sound and large screens rather than on your laptop screen while sitting on the couch. The film is complemented by terrific acting across the entire set with Harry Styles commendable acting debut adding a special kind of novelty to the film. I would highly recommend Dunkirk to any and all history buffs, anyone seeking accurate depiction of the Dunkirk evacuation or anyone who appreciates quality cinematography and an altogether brilliant movie experience."
31,"Every time Christopher Nolan makes a film, I get excited. He is a filmmaker who has made countless classics and possesses a lot of creativity. It's interesting to see him make a war film like Dunkirk and after watching it, I wish I witnessed it in a cinema.Dunkirk recounts the extraordinary event where soldiers from Britain, France and Belgium are trying to get evacuated from Dunkirk whilst being surrounded by the Germans.If there's one thing you can be sure of when going into a Nolan film is that the film is going to be a cinematic experience. I really regret missing Dunkirk at the cinemas and watching it in IMAX because this film is a technical achievement. I love Nolan's usage of practical effects in all of his movies. It shows how much he cares about realism in his films. Dunkirk uses real boats, real planes and thousands of extras to make this event look as authentic as possible. I couldn't stop marvelling at how amazing this film looked. The camerawork was absolutely incredible. There are a lot of beautiful shots and it wasn't too shaky.The sound design and sound editing were fantastic. The spitfire scenes looked so real and the sound they made whilst firing didn't seem unrealistic at all. The editing is very tight. This is one of Nolan's shorter films but that's not a bad thing because it doesn't waste time or overstay its welcome. Right from the beginning you are in the moment and doesn't give you any time to breathe until the end. Hans Zimmer gives us another impactful score that heightens the tension during every scene.A major complaint will be the lack of character. This film follows three different perspectives of the event but there isn't anyone you feel a personal connection with. That is the only flaw I can pick out. I would have loved to connect with someone particularly but it's important to remember that Dunkirk is about the event and not the people. During an event like this, it wouldn't feel right for characters to talk about themselves or their family since their main priority is surviving. I feel all the actors involved conveyed the intensity of the situation and fear of survival through their expressions.Dunkirk was a riveting experience. It's a humongous spectacle that's makes you feel like you're there with the rest of the soldiers. It's a film that intense all the way through and another successful triumph for Christopher Nolan."
32,"Remember the opening scenes in Spielberg's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN? The Normandy beach landings in June 1944. Explosions on the beach, bullets zipping through the guys in the sea. DUNKIRK offers the same visceral experience of combat, only it lasts for an hour and three quarters. There are a few moments of calm between battles and bombardments, but these are always the preamble to the next grim phase of the conflict.Christopher Nolan has directed some weird movies (MEMENTO, INCEPTION, the DARK KNIGHT Batman trilogy). His only 'weirdness' here is to take three separate time frames – a week for the men on the beach, one day for the flotilla of small craft setting out to rescue them and one hour for the Spitfire pilots fighting the German bombers – and meld them into a fairly seamless narrative that condenses the drama into a solid 90 minutes of nerve-shredding tension. The scenes onboard a sinking mine-sweeper are among the most harrowing depictions of the total horror of war I've seen.There are panoramic CGI shots to show the sheer size of the retreating army (400,000) but the script focuses on one soldier fighting to survive the day (Fionn Whitehead), one fishing boat captain (Mark Rylance) and one RAF pilot (Tom Hardy): these three are used to bring home to us that each of the soldiers and their rescuers had a backstory – a home, a family, a life – that they were laying on the line for their country, their king and their fellow men. A spot-the-celebrity element includes cameo appearances from Harry Styles, Michael Biehl and others whom I failed to identify. Kenneth Branagh and James D'Arcy play naval officers who occasionally veer close to the officers parodied in OH WHAT A LOVEY WAR! – I hope this was intended.DUNKIRK joins the 'pantheon' of all-time great war movies and will surely win awards next winter. I was misty-eyed through much of it – and not just because my dad was one of the soldiers who went to Belgium and didn't come back (I was two years old). There's a temptation to see the 'strategic retreat' from the French coast in 1940 as an awful defeat, when in fact – as this version makes clear – many of the 300,000-plus men who were brought safely home to England returned to Normandy in 1944 to begin the destruction of Hitler's military machine."
33,"Tick-tack. Simplicity is key. Lives on its production. Beautiful colour and cinematography. The story isn't groundbreaking. Shows the reality and true nature of the soldiers, captures the feeling of being in the center of combat. Flawless acting and great directing. In some way perfect. The absence of spectacular story isn't that important in comparison to the other elegantly performed elements in this movie. Never boring and very captivating. The soundtrack is almost hypnotic. Tick-tack.
9/10"
34,"Christopher Nolan is a wonderful director and all his movies have either been good or amazing so far in his career and Dunkirk is no different. Dunkirk is an amazing theater experience and it should definitely be watched in the theater if possible. The sound was perfection throughout the entire movie, from the minute the movie starts you feel the intensity starts to rise and it doesn't stop for the movies relative short running time for being a Christopher Nolan movie of merely 106 minutes.The set-up of the story not being told in a lineal way and instead in three different parts that intertwines with each other is a genius move by Nolan. These sort of things is where Nolan can really shine in his story telling abilities. A lot of the main actors have almost zero credits in their filmography but with Nolan's directing they seem to act as naturally as they possibly could. The absolute standout of the movie has to be Tom Hardy's performances, what that man can do with only his eyes is astonishing. For the major part of the movie, almost his entire face except for eyes is covered but he stills achieve some great acting and show emotion through out the movie. His character Farrier is involved in one of the most gorgeous shot i have even seen in a movie, it's so peaceful but still in the middle of the war.This truly is a war movie and some scenes were horrifying to witness. It might be a war movie but it's just as much a survival movie. The middle part dragged at some places but the beginning and especially the last 30 minutes were truly amazingly done. The chemistry between the father Mr. Dawson (Mark Rylance) and his son Peter (Tom Glynn- Carney) was very well done and their story caught and few bumps on the road but they managed to convey so much emotions with so few words. That goes for the entire movie, not that much speaking with dialogue but instead with what's going on around these characters and with great cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema. Christopher Nolan did it again, he created a really good movie.Score: 9/10 (Amazing)www.filmtvnow.wordpress.com"
35,"I found myself with fists clutched holding my breath and by the end of the film totally exhausted, that's what a great job Nolan has done of immersing the viewer in the experience of Dunkirk. Partly this has been achieved by the music which was so stress inducing, having an almost ""nails scraped down a board"" effect.I was telling some elderly residents of a care centre today about the movie and one Scottish lady told us her father had died at Dunkirk and one of his friends carried his body all the way back home to Scotland. That spirit of courage is captured so well in this telling of the tale. The captain of the small boat who wouldn't turn back, the Spitfire pilot who kept on fighting knowing he was running out of fuel and the soldiers who queued, just waiting and waiting.The opposite side is also presented and I'm sure we all fear we may be the one willing to push someone out of the boat to save our own skins. I enjoyed the way Nolan looks at so many different aspects of this incredible story. My one wish is that the film would have cut away to the wonderful sight of people streaming in to churches across the nation in response to King George's request for a national day of prayer. Google ""National time of prayer at the time of Dunkirk 1940"" and have a read about this aspect that is missing from the movie. But well done everyone involved in this excellent movie."
36,"This was not my favorite Christopher Nolan film (that honor goes to Interstellar), but it was a solid movie nonetheless. The movie has a very tense and raw feel to it that made my adrenaline rush throughout. The dialogue is far and few between and there are 3 plots that are intertwined – the land, the sea, and the air. The most entertaining to me was the air. At the end of the movie, I felt the underlying theme that Nolan was portraying was that of ""sacrifice,"" and how heroism (and cowardice) can come out even in the best of us in times of struggle and hopelessness. Hans Zimmer produced a wonderful score we have become accustomed to. He utilized the ""shepherd's tone"" perfectly to build up the gravity of each scene when appropriate. Christopher Nolan once again shows his versatility and ambition in taking on a challenging genre and does an excellent job of formulating a cinematic experience to his own style and pace."
37,"There are not many lines in this movie. There are only the desire of characters and the choice of characters under desire. The movie retains enough suspense from beginning to end. Everyone is struggling to survive and wants to go home. When defeat is inevitable, survival is the biggest victory. Nolan did not capture the greatness and magnificence of war, only fear, death and despair. So from Nolan's perspective, all a director can do is bring the audience back to the battlefield at that time, feel what characters feel, and fear what characters fear. But in the end, people still have hope for human nature."
38,"Just by its opening scene, Dunkirk is already an extraordinary Nolan film. Dunkirk follows allied soldiers as they are surrounded by the German Army. That's all I'll say. You can watch the film and find out more. But really matters is that it's a Christoper Nolan film. He's a master of film and he really delivers his best.What strikes me about Dunkirk is its non-linear storytelling. There are three perspectives. The mole, the air, the sea. That's truly unique because instead of just focusing on the soldiers, Nolan decides to focus on the people too. Harry Styles was really good in this movie. He has a great performance and I hope he acts in more movies. What's also interesting is that this film is focused on suspense than dialogue. The entire film feels like the final battle of a larger film. The dogfights in the Air are so intense and well done, probably due to the practical effects they used. It's well-paced considering its 106 minutes, which is pretty short for Nolan's typical runtime. The only issue I have with this film is that we don't get enough character development. We know Harry Styles became a soldier, but how? But other than that, this film is perfect. It's pure Nolan, I should say.Overall, Dunkirk is another home run for Nolan himself. Everything's perfect. Hans Zimmer's music, the suspense, the action. It's just that we want more screen time for the characters. But hey, this sure doesn't disappoint.Tenet Letterboxd review comes out tomorrow, and the video review comes Friday! I have seen the film last night and I can't wait to share my thoughts!"
39,"It was an entertaining movie overall, and had an interesting plot. However, the narration was a little confusing because they didn't elaborate on the characters at all, so it was difficult to recognize who was who (especially with the matching uniforms and mud) I wish that the would have gone more in depth into the characters, since they never give any info on the ""main characters"" - all we know is their name (barely) and their face and their nationality. But it's a good movie to watch if you're looking for an intriguing war movie."
40,"Christopher Nolan has a unique style of story telling. Right from the first scene of the movie you are engaged for a complete almost 2 hours. This is a must watch in IMAX to experience it better.The movie is shown from Army Airforce & Navy perspective where all 3 forces came together to rescue 400,000 members.Dunkirk will be compared from other WWII movies like Saving Private Ryan but then too this is a unique drama war scene intense thriller. 90% of movie has a very intense background score (Another brilliant work from Hans Zimmer).The movie is too loud. Whenever Christopher Nolan & Hans Zimmer comes together they make sure to make some intense background which is engaging & at the same time its thrilling.Be it Dark Knight or Intersteller. The film shows technically a defeat but this film doesn't include any heroism of a single character also. This is a story of survival.This is a story of evacuation.The film is neither too short nor too long but it just gives you a perfect dose of a intensity,drama,& war.A very mature cinema."
41,"First off, it's great to be able to write a review and not be afraid of spoilers. Unless you have never opened a history book in your life, most will know how the story ends. The tag-line for Dunkirk is ""the event that shaped our world"". I'd like to think of it as ""the film that changed cinema - again!"" Too bold a claim? Read on.My first introduction to Christopher Nolan's work was 2000's Memento which also introduced Guy Pearce to the big screen as he leapt from Ramsey Street in Neighbours (playing Mike Young for four years) to Hollywood. Memento is a film that had an instant impact on me. At the time I was not sure what I had just seen and it is a film I return to at least once a year and find something fresh in it.The Noughties say Nolan immersed in the DC world with Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. 2010 saw Nolan revisiting his fascination with time and our perception of time in Inception. It played with our perceptions of reality, time, asking what is it to dream, what is it to be awake and are we a dream within a dream, borrowing an idea from Edgar Allen Poe.Fast forward to 2017 and we arrive at Dunkirk. Before I discuss the plot or the performance, let's talk technical. Nolan filmed Dunkirk in IMAX with an aspect ratio of 1:1 and that is how one should view this film if possible. Not all of us can access an IMAX theatre. I saw it projected in 1.666:1 in my local multiplex so I feel I lost some of the visual, visceral aspects that the director intended. Getting an IMAX camera into the cockpit of a Submarine Spitfire could not have been an easy feat! Despite the technical wizardry on display, Nolan manages to tell a series of personal stories using vignettes.Dunkirk is a sombre film. This is no celebration of life. Nolan tells the story of the evacuation of 400,000 service men from the beaches of Dunkirk, France in WWII by pleasure craft from the south coast of the UK. We get the perspective of the Spitfire pilot, the service men on the ground, the Admiral in charge of the investigation. Yet amongst all of these personal stories there is tragedy. We see the desperation of the men trying to get home and sneaking onto ships. We see the despair of a serviceman take off his helmet and rifle and walking into the sea while his comrades sit and watch, each as helpless as the other.It is a huge credit to Nolan that while he paints this enormous palette of images, he can focus tightly on the smallest aspect of humanity.Nolan also revisits his favourite topic of time. Dunkirk, while being told through vignettes, splits up the story-telling into one hour, one day and one week. He then proceeds to rearrange the sequence of events into a non-linear act of story-telling. This has huge echoes of Memento and Inception and at this stage is almost a trademark of Nolan's. Personally, I think the style will divide audiences who prefer linear story-telling. However Nolan firmly believes that audiences are smart enough to figure it out on their own. They don't need reams of exposition to understand what is happening. I respect Nolan for that. To be honest I was almost half-way through the film before I noted the time-leaps he was making, back and forth. It is a style that allows him to tell the same story from multiple perspectives. I love it!Nolan has assembled a stellar cast including Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Cillian Murphy, relative new-comer Fionn Whitehead, not to mention One Direction's Harry Styles as Alex.  Most characters only get first names and some get none. Cillian Murphy is ""the Shivering Soldier"" - it doesn't get more stripped-back than that. All performances are excellent. Character development is pretty much non- existent. It is not needed as motivation is obvious.Let's talk about the soundtrack, provided by Hans Zimmer. He has provided the soundtrack for a good many Nolan films with Dunkirk their latest collaboration. Zimmer's syncopated style provides a stunning addition to Nolan's story-telling. There is not a note out of place. This is what soundtracks should be. Is Dunkirk the greatest film of the 21st century, probably not but Hans Zimmer's score certainly is. A masterpiece.I was left wanting more and wanting to see it again in IMAX. My recommendation is to go see it on the biggest, loudest screen you can find. Size matters. So too does the sound system.For me, it's a 4.5 out of 5 - almost perfection."
42,"Dunkirk played a small part of that classic from the World War II years Mrs. Miniver. If you remember Walter Pidgeon took his small craft out and said he would be returning the next day. You then see his boat joining other small craft and then there's an armada of them heading down the Thames and out to sea. They were heading for Dunkirk and were going right up to the beaches where the large naval vessels couldn't go and taking several hundred thousand British soldiers and a few French who later became the basis for the Free French army headed by Charles DeGaulle.There's's mention here of Winston Churchill and Sir Bertram Ramsey whom I believe was First Sea Lord. The only criticism I have of Dunkirk is that I would like to have had some scenes with the top decision makers as we saw in such films as Patton, MacArthur, The Longest Day, the Battle Of Britain, and others. Especially in The Longest Day we saw the ordinary soldiers and their story mixed with the brass and the critical decisions they were making.On the plus side Dunkirk is a film wonderfully cast with several poignant stories about what was being done and the sacrifices made. My favorite is that of young Barry Keoghan all of 17 who comes on the small craft of Tom Rylance and his son Tom Glynn-Carney just to be part of a great adventure. His performance will bring a few tears to the eye. Of all in the film I hope young Mr. Keoghan will get some notice for a Supporting Actor Oscar.No doubt Dunkirk is in line for some technical awards as well in addition to the big one. With 10 now in the race for Best Picture I have no doubt that Dunkirk will be one of the ten.I've always loved the story of Dunkirk and how that island nation put aside its differences among the subjects and worked together to get that army off the beach. Make no mistake this was citizen mobilization at its finest. No matter what your views were unless you were an out and out Nazi sympathizer you knew what getting those troops home meant.Nothing less than the fate of civilization itself."
43,"Agonizing, claustrophobic, oppressive, sweeping and sonorous, these are the verbs we can use to compose Nolan's new film, which this time stands out by the technique and not by the script, ""dunkirk"" is a film that invites the viewer to Sit in the armchair and sodomy in the best sense of the word, because you suffer, drown and fight along with the characters, ""dunkirk"" is a survival film, barely have hand-to-hand or shots, or even dialogues, That we have here is the purest survival instinct alienated to a setting and a wonderful sound mixing and editing. We have a script that is characterized by three nuclei that unite around a goal, rescue and assist the French and English soldiers trapped in Dunkirk beach, the script contains few dialogues and little character construction, and leaves the viewer more distracted completely Lost, but those who pay attention will be amazed by the almost orchestral narrative that Nolan builds. The script tells the story of the rescue of the British and French soldiers following three points, by the sea, where tells the story of a civilian who provides his boat to help rescue, in an area, where tells the story of three pilots responsible To give air protection to the soldiers trapped on the beach, and by land, where it shows the anguish of the young soldiers struggling to survive. ""Dunkirk"" does not soften, and makes the viewer feel the horror of war in its strongest fullness, we have no moral lesson or a message to convey, we have only horror and despair. Raríssimas times a film stands out for its mix and sound editing, but Dunkirk is a film that shouts ""ME WATCH IN A CINEMA, AND OF PREFERENCE, IN THE IMAX"" because its sound quality is something inexplicable, extremely terrifying, of jumping in the chair And bite your nails, to bend down along with the soldiers and hold your breath to keep from drowning, aligned to that we have a dizzying trail, we have a trail that draws attention and is always present, and a more fleeting that dictates the rhythm of Film, we have a ""TIC, TIC, ICT, TIC"" all the time, that sound, it is our heartbeats, that tightens and loosens according to the tension of the scene, this is wonderful and a great intelligence, To this sound and he dictates not only the film as our anguish, it was a play of master the introduction of this simple element that can go unnoticed by many, we also have to mention the great assembly of the film, which alienates the three nuclei perfectly The bluish photograph that shows us an extremely tropical and beautiful climate, as opposed to the terror shown on the scene, and last, but not least, the art direction, which performs its role with mastery, showing all the details, clothes , Accessories, boats, airplanes, is beautiful to see. Nolan has a giant budget for his films, and could bring practically the actors he wanted, since it was the money, he still has a name, but no, we have not one actor in the movie to put on the giant poster, our biggest name here is Mark Rylance, winner of an Oscar for best supporting actor, and of course, Fionn Whitehead, better known by his band than as an actor, nonetheless, all the actors are well in the movie and they fulfill their parents, and that goes yet another idea of As the war was made by anonymous in the midst of the multitude. Nolan is one of the most talked about names in the industry in the last few years, some love him, others hate him, I particularly think he's overrated, but I like all his movies, especially ""Dunkirk"". Even complex time, makes quality films that arrive and are recognized by the great public, so if the only options are to love or hate it, I get to love, but with reservations. ""Dunkirk"" is an interesting film that is sure to take a lot of editing and sound mixing and maybe a few more technical Oscars, but it's not going to happen, it's still a great movie that's worth the ticket."
44,"There are, I think by design, no standout stars in this movie. The star is the event. The only detraction and it is a minor one for me. Is that it took me a little while at my age to catch on that there were multiple parallel time lines. Once I realized that, it was much nicer for me to follow. I usually don't like IMAX all that much, the sound is usually over powering and I usually wind up too close to the screen. However, this time the theater resisted cranking up the sound and the photography was stupendous in IMAX. This easily matched the intensity of Saving Private Ryan but it lasted much longer. Go see it!"
45,"Dunkirk is about 400.000 soldiers that needs to evacuate from Dunkirk. We follow the civilians, the soldiers on the beach and a pilot played by Tom Hardy. The story telling of Dunkirk is told in such a unique way. I am not going to spoil it because you really should see it for yourself.The movie looks absolutely fantastic beautiful cinematography and gorgeous camera work. But the movie wouldn't without the cracking score compost by Hans Zimmer, after you leave the movie the score will still be playing in you're head. Christopher Nolan's direction is so amazing, you can see that he has 100% control over his craft.Everything about Dunkirk is amazing and you have to see it for yourself. This will go down as one of the best war movies in history right next to Saving Private Ryan. Dunkirk is just brilliant go watch it now."
46,"Christopher Nolan is without a doubt one of the greats, a modern day auteur, and the filmmaker behind some of cinemas most highly anticipated indie films. The man has managed to find the sweet spot between blockbuster and art film, gaining the praise of critics and casual viewers alike. The man has become an event in himself, everyone knows when a Christopher Nolan film is coming and they flock to the cinema because of his name. I love Christopher Nolan's films, he has yet to make a bad film, despite The Dark Knight Rises being disappointing on reflection. Although not stepping many feet wrong his entire career, I don't view Nolan and his work as many others do, that being as the work of an untouchable God. I try to walk in without expectation or, without having already decided the film is a perfect 10/10, as it seems quite a few people don't do. However, I really wanted to enjoy Dunkirk for my own sake, God forbid I actually didn't like it, I would swiftly be told why exactly I am wrong in even suggesting Nolan could step a foot wrong Thank God I actually really enjoyed the film, phew. Dunkirk recounts the true story of the evacuation of British soldiers from Dunkirk in 1940. The film is high octane, action packed and suspenseful and again Nolan proves why he's a human cinematic event.This film is obviously a Nolan film, there are some star talent in the film, but they are there because they want to work with Nolan, not the other way round. The film is, for the most part, wordless, this isn't really a film for actors to shine, it's for Nolan to show the world how the real thing can be, and is often, better than CGI. With the film being wonderfully wordless, Nolan shows he knows exactly what film is and always should be, the visual art of storytelling. He has obviously taken note from such greats as Hitchcock, using sound and dialogue to further aid the visual, not to overpower it. In today's film landscape this is quite rare, and so you have to give Nolan credit and respect for making a film the way they should, but rarely are, made. This is film after all, not radio. Also to note, Hoyte Van Hoytema's cinematography in this film is absolutely breathtaking, Dunkirk would be little without his work and he is in need of some serious recognition. Dunkirk isn't a conventional war film, we don't get character development in the form of ""who you got back home son?"" campfire talks, nor do we get multiple battles throughout the run time. Dunkirk doesn't have a dull moment whatsoever. It is a battle from beginning to end, and so with this, Nolan does not allow us, the audience to rest easy. Nolan doesn't hold off on the tension at all. I personally loved moments where Nolan momentarily lulls us into a false sense of security, only to then provide a sudden jump scare in the form of gunfire, reminding us that you are never safe in the middle of war. Now this is how you use sound as a jump scare correctly. This film is high octane, tense and extremely gripping from start to end.Also this being a Nolan film, he has to make things more complex, he can't just tell a war movie with a chronological narrative structure. Dunkirk follows the same story, from three different perspectives and three different time frames. For audience members, like myself, who understand Nolan's knack for complex storytelling, this will be confusing for a moment whilst you recall previous information to make everything make sense again, and then you will love what Nolan has done. However, audiences who expect to see a war film, which by our conventional understanding is often self explanatory, will forget that previous information and thus remain confused throughout the rest of the movie. I've seen negative reviews say that Dunkirk gives no indication of time, and to an extent they are right, but then again all I can say is watch it again, but this time take note of the opening title cards which read ""one week"", ""one day"" and ""one hour"" it should clear things up, but I do think maybe the title cards could be a little clearer.To conclude, Dunkirk is Nolan's Full Metal Jacket. I wouldn't say this is his greatest masterpiece, I reserve that for Memento. But Dunkirk is an outstanding piece of cinema that proves Nolan's auteurship and that he is one of the greatest filmmakers alive, if not, who ever lived. The man knows film and knows how to make a great, complex one. Hell the guy has a knack for impressing the experts, having actual scientists make discoveries through Interstellar, and now by a soldier who was at Dunkirk, praising Nolan for his accurate representation of the event. Now if that doesn't say it all then I don't know what will."
47,"If you love war movies, Dunkirk is surely one not to be missed. It's quite likely going to be an instant classic in the ranks of Platoon, Saving Private Ryan, and - most recently - Hacksaw Ridge. It will loose something if you try to watch it at home, no matter the quality of your home system. It's one of those films that really needs the big screen -- the bigger the better -- and best sound system you can find.With that said, the movie does have some flaws. Most of which I will give a pass and write it off as ""artistic,"" and Christopher Nolan has earned that right. As I discuss the flaws, please understand that I really enjoyed the movie and strongly recommend it. Most of it was very well done. If I was to be petty and pick out what I think some others might not like, I would say most movies have a heavier, more distinctive plot. A beginning, introducing and developing the characters and setting up the plot; a middle, setting up the conflict the main characters will spend the movie solving; an end, where the main characters solve the conflict. If you need such a movie, then Dunkirk may not be for you, because the plot was not that clear. This was more like showing the audience an event than telling them a story -- An event that was hard, yet entertaining, to watch.The movie does have characters and somewhat of a plot, but they are not distinctive nor defined. The characters kind of run together and the plot is a bit unclear. The same scene unfolds slowly from three different points of view. From the view of an infantry group -- who are all basically the same height and build, same haircut and hair color, same uniform and mission. This is why they are difficult to tell apart when they are all running from some sort of peril during their screen time. Another points of view come from characters on a small boat and again in small planes and their characters are more distinctive, but never really developed either, because the plot is not really defined. Everyone just wants to survive and spends the whole movie trying to do so.And that is the basic plot -- Survival. Everyone is trying to survive this long war scene. The whole movie takes place in, what seems like, one afternoon. But, somehow, that plot works. It was obviously not written or directed to be a typical story in a typical movie. It's the same tense war scene shot from the perspective of three different groups of people, with no single, distinctive, main character, plot or point... And it worked perfectly.The scenes are shot so beautifully, that when you are with the infantry group, you feel like you were down in the dirt with them and want to dodging bullets. When the perspective would change, you got to see the same scene again, but from the air and the pilots' point of view and it felt like you were sitting in the tiny plane with them. When you watched the same scene from the boat crew's point of view, you could almost feel the boat shaking and the smell the sea salt. The shots are exquisite and details are fully thought out. You can hear the sand falling around your head, the gun chambers rattling the airplane and it seems you can reach below and touch the white caps of the ocean.The only real flaw for me was the story was not clearly set up. Unless you had prior knowledge of Dunkirk and it's history, you would have to have an explanation. I'll give a short explanation with no movie spoilers: The English went to help the French when Germany invaded during WWII. Germany was too strong and not only pushed the French to the coast, but the English right along with them. The Germans changed their strategy from fighting the French/English by shooting one bullet at a time to coming in from the sea with planes and bombing the troops at the beach, on piers and on boats -- intending to kill many more in one attempt, in hopes that they didn't go back to England and regroup. The movie quickly moves to the beach in the beginning and you or only given a quick blip of how they all really got there. For that, I gave it 9 out of 10. That is not giving away the movie -- There is so much more to this.The direction is great, the acting was on par and the special effects were seamless. If you are not a war movie fan, this will not change your mind, but Dunkirk will likely be around come awards season, and rightfully so."
48,"This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It's incredible how much passion was put into it - perfect acting, amazing soundtrack, immersive story and dramatic moments that are recreated through a top notch cinematography. It's a movie that will be remembered for many years and another masterpiece from Cristopher Nolan. And maybe it's just me, but I got that feeling of Inception all over again."
49,"Dunkirk is the story of the allied troops who were stranded on the beaches of Dunkirk and surrounded by German soldiers as they try to survive and escape, meanwhile volunteers sail their boats out to save the soldiers, meanwhile fighter planes attempt to defend the soldiers on the beach from German bombers. Typical to Christopher Nolan, this movie is fantastic. Nolan directs the crap out of it. Not only is his camera-work fantastic, but the scenery he captures is beautiful. They manage to really nail the tone, with it being a little claustrophobic despite the location being a massive beach. The characters are stuck and there is absolutely no way for them to escape. Right from the opening scene, Nolan nails the tone and realism of the film. On top of that, Hans Zimmer's score is far from only being the icing on the cake. In truth, the music proves to be something of a major character, assisting in the carrying of the rest of the cast through this horrible event. The music perfectly suits every situation, and whether or not you feel for the characters, the music makes sure you at least feel a little tense. Speaking of the characters, there really aren't any. Sure, there are like 300,000 soldiers on the beach, yet we still feel for them. The main character has maybe four lines in the movie, yet the reason why he's so good along with the rest of the characters is because the movie sets up this horrible situation and instead of filling the movie with gratuitous war violence, a lot of it is psychological. When a character is desperately trying to escape from drowning you definitely feel for them. I don't know about you, but I don't want to drown. And even without speaking, the characters make decisions and do things that are completely logical and understandable. There are no dumb people in this movie, and as a result they prove to be very human. There is so much humanity in these characters, so it's very easy to relate to them in some way. Part of why the characters are so humane, however, is because of the acting. From the big names like Tom Hardy and Kenneth Branagh, to the first-timers like Fionn Whitehead, there is not a single bad, or even average, performance in this movie. The lead, Whitehead, is absolutely outstanding in his first full-length film role, pulling off a very human performance simply by the way he moves, acts, and reacts. My personal favorite, however, was Cillian Murphy. He plays a shell-shocked soldier and absolutely nails it for the short amount of time he spends on screen. His character holds so much depth and intrigue, I looked forward to every moment he spent on screen. The movie feels real too. The gunshots sound real, and the way the action scenes are shot are in-the-moment and authentic. When Hardy flies his plane and attempts to shoot down others, it's not epic. It's not really even that fast-paced. It's honestly just kind of tedious and frustrating, watching him carefully line up his shot before shooting. And again, the claustrophobia is very real. We get plenty of in-the-cockpit shots that show just how incredibly uncomfortable it would've been in that plane. Again, it's very real and no matter how 'weak' the characters are I felt for each one. And there's so little hope in this movie. Characters end up in terrible situations and don't always get saved last minute. Things happen that would happen in real life but in a conventional movie? No way. Just when you think the movie may be divulging to conventionalism it throws a grenade at your face and you remember that this is real. Towards the end of the movie it felt a little over-dramatic. The music, the narration, the way it was shot. Of course then I remembered that this was a dramatic event. What happened was not pretentious, it was a big deal. Deciding to use a dramatic filming style at the end made sense. If I can find one problem with this movie, it's that at times it felt a little slow. Not that it wasn't interesting, the movie is fantastic at showing the audience what happened without making it long and boring, but it does slow down from time to time. Certain moments may feel a little out of place, but in terms of the plot still make sense. Overall Dunkirk is fantastic. Just about everything works, and you should absolutely go see it. From the music to the directing to the acting, it's great. Go see it. It's worth your money."
50,"The most important lesson in the history of our humanity, surpassed in genre, religion among other moral aspects, is simply the survival of the species or a human being in question. Our most basic instinct is survival and when we unite, forgetting our differences (as a group of Individuals, not nations), for the sake of our survival and our well-being, the human race shines in the most intense sense possible. The cooperation between several elements, to come out alive from a complicated situation. One scene, caught my attention when a group of Allied soldiers were surrounded in a ship and this same ship was being attacked on all sides by the German troops. One of the characters was being forced out of the ship to see if the tide sea was rising or not. Out of fear, this character did not want to leave the ship, it was when an English soldier replied: for the others to survive, one person has to die.The theme of this film is survival, especially surviving in a difficult situation, is in itself a great victoryNothing is better expressed in this film and executed in a way with as much talent as Nolan achieved in making with this film. Not only by itself, the message is passed to the audience in a clear and perfect way as is demonstrated in small scenes that help convey this message and build a fitting end to the film itself.The film goes straight to the narrative and action of the movie without losing in passing with interesting monologues, unlike Inception, a film in which Nolan himself created a character with the sole purpose of explaining the rules of this universe for the audience, this is the apex of Nolan as a Film director and he performs his work in a simple and exemplary way. So Dunkirk is his smaller commercial movie, but with the bonus without unnecessary scenes that could crumble the experience of the film.The performances are excellent and accompany the director's talents (the direction of the film itself) and the script in a cohesive, simple and direct way, highlighting Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance and of course the very competent Kenneth Branagh. These excellent actors help immerse the audience in the cinematographic aspect of the movie itself to make the experience as real and emotional as possible.Again, congratulations to Nolan for choosing actors relatively unknown to the general public, but outstanding in their work of acting. Instead of trying to choose famous actors (whose private lives are always in the mouths of the people and the magazines), these people are celebrities and not actors. For this reason I never managed to pass the first act of Saving Private Ryan. Spielberg made a mistake filling his film with the most popular Hollywood All Star cast of famous actors at that time (their lives were so exposed that it was hard to see those people as soldiers or survivors of WWII). At this point, Nolan fared better than Spielberg.By completing this great experience, special and sound effects are applied in an exemplary way and these same technologies make almost perfect use of the IMAX screen. The technical and aesthetic aspects are very good, as it comes this habit in this type of film with this type of budget (105 millions). The cinematography is very good (almost perfect, like in most of Nolan movies) and the camera movements are agile and very beautiful.See the aerial combat of the characters of Tom Hardy (Farrier) and Jack Lowden (Collins) in aerial planes that looked with great and amazing beauty in fighting against the planes of the Germans. A technical amazing work of Nolan and his production team. Amazing, no doubt. Especially on the IMAX screen, where the film shows all its beauty, and if there is a movie that deserves to be seen in IMAX, it is one, this new work of Christopher Nolan, no doubt. The ambitious ideas of the filmmaker and the great sequences in parallel assembly that characterize his works. Making the storytelling move to viewers in three different locations (The Mole, The Sea and The Air). In a cohesive, precise and confusing way. This film shows a great talent of Nolan, and it reaches his talent to create sequences in parallel assembly the characters of the film in a brilliant way. The soundtrack composed by the veteran Hans Zimmer is amazing, Hans in turn creates a memorable theme for the theme of World War II. Fantastic and great.The great and only problem I see that disturbs the experience of the film is limited by the PG-13 and thus limit the blood and violence, for God's sake, it is a film about a war blood and violence are common. At times it seemed like I was looking at some scenes and these same scenes seemed so artificial and displaced from the film itself, like the scene of the soldiers corpses coming to the beach, or the English troops being smashed by the sinking ship (two clear examples that PG-13 influenced negatively the movie).One problem that some people go through seeing this movie is the lack of depth in some characters, however there are characters with depth, but not the kind of depth shown through dialogues or exposition. Nolan wanted to show something bigger. And I think Nolan did it. Nolan created in this movie to show the question of survival and its consequences in the lives of the people close to war and the soldiers who were fighting in that war. He wanted to show us how and survival define us, and I think he got the message very well across this movie. Even for this, he sacrificed some dramatic depth. Depth for certain characters, however Nolan passed a larger message, which surpasses any dramatically deep element. Nolan wanted to get something bigger. And in my opinion he did it."
51,"Ever since I was a child, I always felt attracted to history and specially to World War II, which is why I was on he first line to see this movie once it opened on my local cinema. After seen the movie, I have to tell that somehow Dunkirk felt different from all the other movies I have seen related to WWII. It might be the non linear narrative, or the fact that the movie depicts the struggle of more than 300k young soldiers trying to save their lives and by doing so becoming seating ducks to the German army. Even if this event can not be consider a battle victory, because they were fleeing away from he front. It is one of the most inspiring moments of WWII for the English people, were they realized that the impossible can be done and from that moment on, things started to change at least on the psyche of the common people and specially the soldiers. War movies based on real events, are always brutal and they usually leave you with harsh feelings and empathy thoughts about how it really was to be in the character shoes. A must see movie, Mr. Nolan did it again."
52,"Dunkirk marks Christopher Nolan's return to cinema and it is as bombastic as one would hope. Featuring a fractured sense of story telling, a shockingly great performance from Harry Styles and some of the most breathtaking cinematography I've ever witnessed, Dunkirk is without a doubt one of the most solid summer blockbusters in recent memory. Despite all that is perfect with the film, it does suffer from some glaring storytelling issues that, while many may enjoy, I found to be unnecessarily tedious.While many of you will probably hate on me for saying this, I simply have to say it: Christopher Nolan is overrated. There is no other way about it. The man has given us classics but flawed classics, at best. However, Dunkirk is a perfect response to my feelings towards Nolan. The film is extremely fast paced which is something that plagued Nolan since Batman Begins. Here, he is restrained and it pays off quite beautifully especially when you factor in the brilliance that is Hoyte Van Hoytema's outstanding cinematography. The film is big and Hoytema's determination is shown through every frame. He is dedicated to capturing beauty and here is no different. Hoytema serves as a very suitable replacement for Wally Pfister.The film, while being 106 minutes long and probably Nolan's most accessible feature to date, also is very scarce when it comes to dialog and general character development. There are very few characters here that will have you standing and cheering for. I mean, you're going to cheer at moments in the film. It is geared to do just that. But it won't have you gravitating towards Styles, Rylance, Hardy or Murphy. Quite frankly, they all have (with the exception of Styles) minimal screen time. Those looking for a Tom Hardy war movie better think again. This isn't about one soldier, it is about all of the soldiers. No one is more important than the other. Overall, Dunkirk is an exceptional addition to Nolan's impressive filmography. Crafting a unique war film that doesn't rely on overtly patriotic moments to move it forward is hard yet Nolan makes it seem effortless. The film relies on the courage and sheer will power of the human soul and that is something only the rarest of war films can do. Despite some wonky story telling, Dunkirk is nonetheless exhilarating and should absolutely be seen on the big screen."
53,"... and it worked! At least for me. Now for a few words about that Nolan style in this film.Christopher Nolan wants to have his cake and eat it too, and he's been successful enough that he's one of the very few directors who gets the opportunity to do so anymore, in a franchise world where the auteur theory is dead and producers are way more important than directors (witness Kathleen Kennedy firing the Lord brothers from the Han Solo movie because they were actually attempting to impose a personal vision upon it, something the Star Wars franchise will never allow any director to do ever).Nolan wants to work in super-mainstream genres: super-heroes, war, science fiction. But he wants his product also to be very self-consciously and in-your-face artistic. He sets up little rules for each movie and he plays by them, and it's up to the viewers to figure them out.There are three main story lines in Dunkirk, and each one unspools over a different frame of time. So, the Harry Styles story line covers one week of time, the Mark Rylance story line covers one day, and the Tom Hardy story line covers only one hour! This information is provided to us at the beginning of the movie. There is a title card that reads ""1. The Mole: One Week"". This is supposed to tell us that this particular story line in the movie is going to cover one week. But I spent 15 seconds thinking, ""One week? What does that mean?"" before there was so much shooting I got caught up in the action on-screen and didn't think about the title card for the rest of the movie.It wasn't until later that I was enlightened as to Nolan's intent. I am accustomed to movies tinkering with time concepts, yet I didn't get that this movie was playing around with time for the entirety of the time that I watched it. I was like, man, Tom Hardy has been in that plane for a really unrealistic amount of time! I'm just arrogant enough to think that if I didn't get the time tricks, then I'm guessing most of the viewers of Dunkirk didn't get, or didn't even notice, all this jumping around in time. Doesn't really distract from one's enjoyment of the movie, unless you stop to think about Tom Hardy still being in that plane ...Other extremely self-consciously artistic Nolan choices: no German soldier's face is ever seen clearly in the entire movie. Also, the violence is very self-consciously bloodless and sanitary. Nolan has said he wanted the movie to be about rescue and heroism; not war and violence.There's also a ticking stopwatch motif playing on the soundtrack virtually the entire movie. Nolan's call or Hans Zimmer's, I don't know. The stopwatch features very prominently in the trailers, but I didn't know it was also going to run for the duration of the movie, as well.If everything I have written seems like I didn't like the film, let me say that is not true. I get that Nolan could have made a conventional war movie, but he took a home run swing and went with something much more experimental, and I thought his reasoning for this was pretty clear by the end: this is NOT a classic ""hero's plot arc"" story. It just doesn't fit that mold. You could see in the conclusion that most of the fighters felt like cowards and failures. To paraphrase Churchill, you don't win wars by retreating. And, yet, there was a humble, understated glory in this moment. This was a movie about duty above all else - just many small people doing the small things asked of them."
54,"The only explanation of the events surrounding Dunkirk are few lines of text and Nazi propaganda. Maps of France, covered in red demarcating German territory, which falls on a squad of British solider scavenging in an abandoned city. It declares: Surrender + Survive. Within seconds of an enemy encounter, only one soldier will survive. This sequence is the closest we will get to combat depicted in more exhilarating war movies. Not in this scene nor any other do we see a single Nazi solider.War is a favorite subject, why is obvious. Any emotion can be provoked, any existential question explored, against a backdrop of war. As a result, a diverse pantheon of great war films have emerged. Dunkirk, by critical demand, is set to join these hallowed ranks. Call these proclaimers Nolan fanboys, but already comparison are being made to the likes of standards Apocalypse Now, Full Metal Jacket, and Platoon. But this is a disservice to all parties. Of the three aforementioned film, all belong to the same genre, but when each are distilled to their most base essence, I would only describe 1 ½ as being ""about"" war. Almost unimaginable, there is a grander scale where war is just a subtheme e.g. an exploration of human madness. Nolan strives for the exact opposite in Dunkirk. Dunkirk seeks to narrow the scope, it is not about war, or WW2, or even really an event in WW2. Thus the opening scene, were context is rendered to a few measly lines. Don't panic, or at least not yet. Dunkirk is a story of many struggles for survival, and Nolan is going to root through his usual bag of tricks to extract this perspective from history's grandest retreat.Nolan is back to his trademark storytelling technique in Dunkirk. There are three major plot lines cut together in nonlinear fashion. Two soldiers attempt to escape the beach, a trio of civilians cross the channel on a one boat rescue mission, and a pilot defends all against German aircraft. Individually, each account is almost overly simplistic, but they are edited so that a sleepy film-goer might find the narrative incompressible. The temporal dicing can lead to monumental changes in shot composition from cut to cut, including night to day, clear skies to grey, and from calm to raging seas. When plot lines do briefly converge, their might be a 40 minute gap between one perspective and its reflection. Audiences looking for plot to serve as a guide will be lost. Then, when they make the logical next step a look for a central character, they will grow more bewildered. Dunkirk relies on an ensemble cast, I would be impressed by anyone perceptive enough to walk out of the theater remembering any two characters' names. No time to really explore individual performances, but the cast is astounding. Quality notwithstanding, no single part is hefty enough to serve as a focal point. Without defining plot or characters, people looking to evaluate Dunkirk on their customary schema are going to be unfulfilled. Where the heart of most films lie, Nolan has created a void. Dunkirk is a masterpiece because beyond this absence there is only intentioned craft.Dialogue is a rare interruption in Dunkirk. There is virtually no exposition. Still, gleaning motivation is never a problem. The solider pair making up 1/3 of Dunkirk observe their situation, and, without speaking, mutually understand the best path to survival. The closest we get to a comical moment is when the duo simply look to each other, no choice to what their next act must be. The audience understands these characters by the same method they understand each other. Only later we learn speech that could have espoused the situation was impossible. The score speaks clearer than any dialogue. What Zimmerman lacks in subtly here is compensated by his brutal effectiveness. Symphonic blaring with an omnipresent ticking, the crux is dissonance rather than resolution. Audiences will pray for silence and its arrival is rapturous. But the eyes will be as overwhelmed as the ears. Dunkirk is constantly upsetting with vastnesses of oceans, beach, and sky as counterpoints against confined quarters, dense with humanity and rising water. There is no rest, or even catharsis. None of the hallmark exhilaration associated with the genre. Death comes via suicide, stairs, water, and oil. Extinction by strafing is almost pleasant because it is familiar within the context of war. Dunkirk should not happen under the laws of moviedom, it is a fortunate example of when a powerful director can tell a story of personal importance with personal style. The most common criticism will be from those who entirely missed the point, complaints about story and character despite the deliberate steps to make clear these ideals were never the goal. Saving Private Ryan fails if you walk out of the theater without remembering the name of Hank's character. Make a rule of thumb from this, but not a universal standard. For some, the blunderous beautify of war exemplified in films like The Big Red 1. These are their war films. That's fine, but you must also appreciate Dunkirk which requires a bit of investment and does not hold your hand. I can only hope this is not too much of a burden."
55,"Ahh... Nolan. Who doesn't love Christopher Nolan, eh? One of the most acclaimed directors working today, a cinematic genius behind modern classics such as ""The Dark Knight"" trilogy, ""The Prestige"", ""Inception"" and ""Interstellar""... Well, I hate to be a party pooper (as always), but I have never shared the mad love every other movie fan I know has to share for him. I mean, his works are a'ight, but I never found them to be as great as everybody else seemed to think. I guess I liked early Nolan the best – ""Memento"" and especially ""Insomnia"" –, when he was more interested in characters and building suspense than just creating the biggest baddest epics available. Of course, Nolan is good at creating suspense and orchestrating action setpieces, but even his best works ""Inception"" and ""Interstellar"" have suffered from being overlong and pompous. Not to mention his third and last Batman which felt like a big pompous piece of crap. Having written all that, I liked ""Dunkirk"" a lot. It's not only one of the finest movies of 2017 (so far), one of the most thoughtful war dramas I've seen, and also Nolan's best yet. Although if you go to cinema expecting his usual, you may well leave disappointed, because this epic World War II tale is quite unlike anything we have come to associate him with. After all these years, it must be supremely difficult to create a war drama with something fresh to show or say. But Nolan is not afraid of challenges, and he has managed to pull off a movie which is both epic and intimate, artsy and mainstream- friendly, adrenaline-filled and deep at the same time. It's what the movie lovers always wait for but rarely get: a thinking man's blockbuster. ""Dunkirk"" shows the experience of war from the another angle rarely seen or thought of, at least in movies. It's about human frailty, loneliness, isolation and enduring the limbo between chaos and salvation that war is made of. Of course, there's also enough explosions and eye-candy, but the whole thing is rather artsy in a good way. Not much dialogue or clearly defined events too, just people waiting (because there's nothing else left for them to do) and trying to survive. There is not even a single clearly-defined central character, although there are several main story lines to follow, sometimes not in chronological form. The story is about thousands of Allied troops surrounded by enemy forces, trapped on the beach and waiting for rescuing. We have some well-known actors here, such as Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh and Cillian Murphy, but it's not really an actor's movie (ie, meant to let somebody shine) but fitting everything into a carefully crafted cinematic mosaic. Speaking about war part, I especially loved the flight and air battle scenes. The immediacy, the sound effects. Also the fact that they were often made from pilot's viewpoints, so it feels more realistic. The pilot shoots and we see target plane catching fire only after a while, for example. All in all, Dunkirk"" is the Nolan movie that has touched me the most. It's about real things, emotions and experiences, and the action is thrillng. Another beautiful achievement for one of the most liked and successful auteurs working in mainstream cinema today. Watched it in IMAX which probably add something to the experience, at least from technical standpoint. But it's surely a good looking and sounding movie on any screen or setup, methinks."
56,"Dunkirk is probably the greatest war film ever made, perhaps after Full Metal Jacket. It's very dark and atmospheric. It's slow in a good way. It just pushes forward in a great, engaging fashion.The actors are all good. It's very serious. Harry Styles is good in it too.Highly recommended, though perhaps not for some8 stars"
57,"Because this was told from the point of view of a soldier trying to survive as the evacuation happened all around him It was easy to feel a part of what was actually happening there -bombs falling everywhere, and all the dangers of being shot at, but the film didn't focus on what was blowing up as much as it did the people who were surviving, I think that was why I was able to really hang in there. A lot of the times war movies just become too much for me in terms of the violence. Violence was here for sure, but it had an element of suspense in terms of the civilians coming by sea to rescue the soldiers on the beach, and even the fighter pilots... that footage was amazing. Again I don't like war movies, but I was moved by this -horrified and inspired and saddened as I listened to Churchill's speech and think about the current conflict in Ukraine ...after all these years, why can't this world find another way ... but those who would take advantage of what they perceive as weakness, must not be allowed to bully the world. Another thing that moves me was when the men were coming back on the train feeling they failed because they left and the other man was saying you survived . That's enough ...well this wasn't a Vietnam war that's for sure.. the reason for the fighting was because of being invaded, and that's a whole Nother kind of response vs jumping into the middle of somebody else's Civil War. It's important that history is told in these ways so that we can remember what so many sacrificed their lives for to give us the freedom that we have today. Those of us that have it anyway -let's not forget the price that was paid..."
58,"The film brilliantly captures the immediacy of war through its unique, non-linear narrative structure, focusing on the land, sea, and air. With top-notch cinematography and sound design, it provides an intensely immersive experience. A constant ticking in the background score heightens the tension, underscoring the ceaseless race against time. While the film may lack traditional character development, it prioritises the collective human experience over individual stories. Dialogue is sparingly used, allowing powerful visuals to convey the narrative. The performances are understated yet potent, perfectly in tune with the film's overarching tone. Its complex storytelling structure adds additional layers of tension, which unfurl only in the film's final moments. Overall, it's an unconventional, technically superb work that challenges the norms of its genre, leaving the audience at the edge of their seats."
59,"1. If you haven't seen DUNKIRK, don't read this. And if you have seen DUNKIRK, go see it again. Ideally, 70mm film (not digital), 2.20:1 widescreen.Because DUNKIRK presents far more than a thrilling visceral spectacle and dramatic reenactment of an historical event. This movie must be seen twice--at least twice--to fully grasp its clockwork architecture.2. For screenwriter and director Christopher Nolan, Cinema is Art--a grand creative chess game costarring Form and Story. On the rectangular chessboard of the silver screen, the White Knight of Form and the Black Knight of Story (my terms) engage in collaborative ""conflict""--""the basis of every art,"" as Sergei Eisenstein said in Film Form (1949).Nolan knows, A movie is a game, and a game has rules. And in DUNKIRK, a Bobby Fischer level expression of the Chess Game of Art, Nolan plays by very special rules.3. My second viewing confirmed things I saw the first time about Nolan's One Word Theme: Time. (And sidekick, Place.) And revealed far more I didn't see.Time serves as Nolan's OWT throughout his work--for example, MEMENTO and INTERSTELLAR. Specifically, Story Time. Which in DUNKIRK, Nolan elastically shapes, bends, staggers, previews, rewinds, fast forwards, accelerates, and compresses . . . through his RASHOMON-like artistic filter . . . most obviously conveyed by showing us the downed British pilot's water landing twice.Think about it. Nolan shows us that water landing twice!4. Through titles, Nolan posts the Place & Time structure of his story up front. Events on the Mole (Land) take place over a week. On the Sea, in a day. In the Air, in an hour--virtually real time relative to the duration of the movie. Slow Land and faster Sea take place in the Past relative to fastest-of-all Air, which takes place in the Present--the Future relative to Land and Sea--until one fateful moment.My second viewing revealed methodical nothing-is-random telling and retelling of key scenes as the Past of Land and Sea catch up with the Present of Air. Land and Sea time moves faster and faster, compression accelerating, to the second act climax when BAM, KABOOM . . . the German bomber (Villain) goes down. Conflagration ensues (signaling False Victory), the Moonstone rescues Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) . . . and action rebuilds until Land and Sea and Air intersect, EXPLODE, for one split second into a synchronized convergent Present of cheers at the end of the second act . . . when the three Place & Time Zones crisscross into a reversal, Sea and Land moving forward into the Present and Future . . . and Air gliding into the Past. All Place & Time lead to that crucial climactic Moment . . . when just when he thinks they're safe, startled--the Villain rising to strike one last time--Commander Bolton (Kenneth Branagh) closes his eyes, resigned to their devastating fate . . . and the frame starts to go white . . . then suddenly, this False Defeat turns to Victory as the last German fighter plane gets shot down.5. On first viewing, how could we know, Follow the Moonstone--captained by Mr. Dawson (Mark Rylance)--which first-time viewers will unlikely spot in the frame of Nolan's first unspooling of the plane's water landing. How could we know, Follow the trawler--the beached bullet-riddled fishing boat--that we see sinking long before we see the soldiers climb into it. But on second viewing, we can see more clearly Nolan's magic act, his sleight of hand, his deft design, simultaneously concealed and revealed, of the Architecture of Place & Time.6. The stunning Hans Zimmer score and the sound design reinforce Nolan's exacting choreography of Time. Listen for the tick tick. And watch how many times characters look at their watches, including British pilot Farrier (Tom Hardy), who checks his watch and chalks the time on his control panel to calculate how long his fuel will last.See how beautifully Nolan edits the film at the end, collating the frames of Hoyte van Hoytema's breathtaking cinematography so that the slow peaceful heroic descent of the airplane onto the beach--when Air and Land and Sea again poetically merge--parallels the same slowing down, the same timing, of the train with our mole. (Nolan plays on the meaning of mole, threading our stand in, Tommy, through the story from beginning to end, seen from the back in the first frame and from the front in the last frame. Mole in a figurative sense: The mole is our spy, one of the main ways we get inside the story. He spies for us.)7. I need a third watch to unravel Nolan's Möbius strip moves. When does Farrier shoot down that last fighter? Does he loop back after he glides by Bolton? Or does Nolan pull a MEMENTO, showing the sequence backward-because Farrier shot the fighter down before gliding by? A riddle signaling how Nolan ups the complexity of his artistic chess game of Form & Story at this dramatic moment. Not only crisscrossing Time and Place . . . but also Direction and Space.8. Yes, a movie is a game, and a game has rules--rules that the magic of movies can sustain, bend, and break that the Place & Time-bound reality of life can't.But at the same time, the Form & Story art of DUNKIRK presents a creative demonstration of the scientific truth of the relativity of Space and Time.And Observation.Nolan riffs on Akira Kurosawa's RASHOMON (1950), gathering witnesses inside and outside the story, summoning us to witness the film's deep structure as we sort out what's happening . . . where . . . and when.9. My Silver Knight Rating of DUNKIRK:White Knight (Form): 8.5Black Knight (Story): 7.5=Silver Knight (Form & Story): 88 Cameras(I explain my Silver Knight Rating system in my IMDb commentary on ARRIVAL.)© copyright 2017 by JEF7REY HILDNER"
60,"I'm a huge Nolan fan. I've watched everything he's ever done multiple times. I've been looking forward to this movie so much, and I definitely enjoyed it.The story itself is worthy of being explored in a film: 400,000 British soldiers are stranded at Dunkirk, repeatedly being hammered by the enemy. If I recall correctly, they didn't show any German soldiers or even say the word Germans or anything like that. Regardless, the antagonist's presence is still powerful and terrifying. We've all seen and heard enough about the evil Nazis at this point in our collective culture to understand the threat they pose.I loved how there was basically no back story for any of the characters. The movie starts, and the threat is immediate. It grabbed me from the beginning.I loved the way it was filmed. The expansive shots combined with claustrophobic spaces made for a totally unique war movie. In fact, I've never seen anything that gave me the feeling it did. I had a sense of the geography of everything.That being said, this wasn't my favorite Nolan movie. I was tense at certain moments, but I wasn't on the edge of my seat, literally getting adrenaline rushes because I was so afraid someone was going to die. I wasn't as emotionally involved as I wanted to be.I also had a lot of trouble understanding what people were saying. The effects and score were so loud I couldn't comprehend about 40% of what the characters were saying, especially Tom Hardy and the other pilots.My boyfriend thought it was the greatest war movie he's ever seen. Personally, Saving Private Ryan and Apocalypse Now are still my favorites.But, let's be real: I'd cut off limbs to be able to write something like Dunkirk. Nonetheless, the emotion and suspense just wasn't there for me."
61,Nolan's best films The Three Perspective Choice was a fine choice with very good acting and great music
62,"Dunkirk is tense, sparse, and unsettling. Nolan makes many interesting choices, starting with the 1 week/1 day/1 hour non-sequential action structure, which is effective and yet disorienting. He creates a film about the fate of hundreds of thousands of men, crowded into a small pocket of land and into tightly-packed ships, that feels open, empty, and nearly deserted. Similarly, a film that conveys a constant sense of danger and dread features actors who remain withdrawn and almost unresponsive in nearly every scene. Mark Rylance unsurprisingly provides a standout performance; Hans Zimmer's score is unsettling and dangerous in perfect parallel with the on screen action, and Hoyte Van Hoytema's cinematography is spare, beautiful, and evocative. Creating such a beautiful yet unsentimental war film is a bold move, and personally I felt a bit less invested in its arc than I might have expected. In this it's almost a counter-argument to Saving Private Ryan. But while I can't say that I fell in love with the film, I definitely recognize the mastery of craft and art, all in service to the director's vision. It's impressive and makes for a quite worthy film."
63,"A crispy clean, thunder sounding of a war movie. It made me almost regret not watching it in theaters. The blu-ray of this movie made my tv sound like a home theater system. Dunkirk tells the story from three different points of view. A gaunty British soldier, a civilian rescue boat, and a fighter pilot. The thing that makes it unique is that each point of view is different lengths of time. They are a week, a day, and an hour respectfully. I was initially confused about the length for each viewpoint. But I realized that it is like having a race between a turtle, a runner, and a car. The car is the farthest, the runner is closer, and the turtle is the closest. The thing is that they each start at the same time and finish at the same time. And each situation and viewpoint intertwine with each other. The editing for that must have been a challenge and hats off to the editor. Other than the excellence of a technical cinematic experience, the film didn't do much for me. I didn't feel any real dread or tension during the times when it should have, some scenes went too much longer than they should have but the big thing was the rating. For me, there is always a ""what if?"" aspect to war movies, especially WWII movies, that are PG-13. As if the director is not willing to make it as realistic as possible (I should look into why Chris Nolan didn't do that. Maybe the battle of Dunkirk wasn't that bloody and I'm just a bloodthirsty kind of guy). But that really did take away the validity for me. There are bombs and bullets going off and the soldiers appear unscathed. There is no sense of consequence, just bleakness. The sense of life comes from the excellent sound, as if you are actually part of the group ducking away from the fighter jets that come across every once in awhile to take out the troops."
64,"My Personal Rating 8/10Short Review - Dunkirk is a war film that shows us how terrifying being stuck in a war can be. instead of focus on character's development like most war films do, christopher nolan did not included many talkings because of he wants to show us that in a middle of a war we cannot just sit and talk about the character's back story instead we jumped into their situation and now watch them how to survive and endure being in that situation. that i understand that's the main difference between this film and the considered best war film ""Saving Private ryan"" the atmosphere and soundtrack of this film is so superb that it gives us chills the feel of fear of war, the trauma it caused. that's what i exactly felt watching this. horror is not the right term for this film it shows us how terrifying a war can be. Impressions -Dunkirk is an excellent film. what i love more about this film is the cinematography beautiful shots from the aerial combat the special non cgi effects the atmosphere. the soundtrack the plot did not mattered that much and in my opinion not that special but the way this film's message to us. telling us of the story is the superb. giving us the message by feeling it through soundtrack and seeing it on character's reaction being on that situation. amazing film. my personal best movie of this year hands down. and i will definitely gonna watch this film again. Downsides - Dunkirk is not a film about a war hero. Dunkirk is not a film for everyone especially people who only cares about characters. Dunkirk's intention of just jumping in to the situation might not suit everyone. it did to me. but i'm seeing some people that are not satisfied with it. just like what i said above this film's intention is different than other war films do and in my opinion that makes it unique and love it even more.Pros:Great CinematographyGreat Sound DesignRealistic DogFightRealistic Sound EffectsNo CGIThe Tension And Fear While You Watch This Film Especially On IMAXThe Timeline Between The Land, Sea, And Air.Very Immersive AmosphereCons:There is No Unique Story About CharactersThis Movie Did Not Even Had Any Memorable Dramatic MomentsNot For Everyone Especially If You Like Story.
Rating On Each AspectStory: 6/10
Cinematography: 9.5/10
Atmosphere: 9/10
Soundtrack: 9/10
Acting: 7.5/10
Dialogue: 6/10"
65,"Although Momento which starred Guy Pearce isn't Nolan's best film but Inception, Interstellar, and Dark Knight have done more justice to his filmography than the first film. Christopher Nolan is known to be a magician to Hollywood which starts from the commendable cinematography to the scintillating editing and to its labyrinth screenplay. Over the last decade, Nolan hasn't failed in any of these aspects and kept all his films on a consistent flow.Dunkirk was something I was looking forward to especially the beautiful IMAX trailer they put up together. So the movie is about what happens in WW2 in 1940 where Germany invades France trapping military troops on the Dunkirk beach. But with the help of British forces and French forces, how they manage to get more than 300,000 soldiers evacuated and back home is basically what this film is about.Quite frankly, this film was a phenomenon. How Nolan manages to present the Dunkirk evacuation in the film will keep you to the edge of your seat. The screenplay is very gripping and has that historical feel once you watch the film.The acting is your ticket to a good money spender.Fionn Whitehead's debut is everyone's treat. His role as the British pilot was fabulous and his nuanced performance is a must watch.Harry Styles acting quite surprised me. I always thought of him as a music lover by but he is getting better and better. He was so self-balanced that he is ready to hit it big in Hollywood.Cillian Murphy surely had that scarecrow mentality which is not bad thing but his role as the soldier was something similar and not different but he was good but could've minority been better.Hans Zimmer is a must when it comes to orchestrated composition. The ticking score was something perfect and how it was composed in the film. The score for the tide and how it was depicted during the evacuation was great.The cinematography was beautiful especially shooting it in an IMAX format which makes it more eye opening for the audience even surprisingly on how it was edited. Please watch this in IMAX!!4.5/5- Nolan can only satisfy a good weekend!!"
66,"The World War II battle and evacuation portrayed in director Christopher Nolan's ""Dunkirk"" (PG-13, 1:46) involved no American troops, but had a big impact on the U.S. role – a full year and a half before it (officially) joined the fight. As the Nazi blitzkrieg swept through France, Belgium and the Netherlands in May of 1940, the armies of those countries, and their ally Great Britain, were pushed westward until they were trapped in the area around Dunkirk, France (near the Belgian border), with nowhere to go but into the English Channel. Nearly 400,000 of them. Nolan's trademark creativity led him to write and direct this film as a triptych, telling three related stories which took different periods of time to unfold, but showing them running concurrently throughout the film. A slate on the screen introduces each narrative (and the amount of time that it represents) from the first shot of each: ""1. The Mole | One Week"" (a mole being a pier-like, but solid breakwater built out from the beach); ""2. The Sea | One Day""; ""3. The Air | One Hour"". Once each of those printed designations fades from the screen, the movie moves back and forth between stories. On the beach, close to 400,000 men awaited their fate, whether it be rescue or annihilation. The German Army (which is barely shown and referred to only as ""the enemy"") has the British, French, Belgian and Dutch troops surrounded on three sides, with the channel blocking their escape on the fourth. The Germans seem content, at least for the moment, to keep the troops bottled up on the beach and pick them off from the air with strafing missions and bomb the ships and boats attempting rescue. Among those struggling to survive on the beach are Tommy (Fionn Whitehead), a British soldier who barely escapes unseen German rifles to make it to the mole, Gibson (Aneurin Barnard), a mysterious soldier with whom Tommy teams up and Alex (Harry Styles), another soldier whom they end up saving from a sinking ship and with whom they explore various opportunities to save themselves. When one of their plans goes awry, they end up overhearing a conversation in which a British naval commander (a composite character played by Kenneth Branagh) discusses with other officers how dire the situation is. On the sea, the British ships aren't up to the task of a rescue operation under these conditions. The Admiralty is unwilling to send over more than one large ship at a time for fear of losing ships that may be desperately needed for a last-ditch defense of the British Isles against an expected German invasion. Many of the smaller ships and boats that do arrive to assist with the rescue find themselves unable to navigate the shallow waters at Dunkirk, and only a few of them can even get close enough to load men who have walked out onto the mole. The attempted solution is for British naval officers on the English side of the channel to commandeer just about anything that floats to make the crossing to either bring soldiers back or ferry them from the shore out to the larger ships. Some boat owners take up the challenge personally out of a sense of duty and compassion. One of those is a mariner named Dawson (Oscar winner Mark Rylance), who brings along his teenage son (Tom Glynn-Carney) and his son's friend, George (Barry Keoghan). Their first encounter with someone who needs rescuing is a downed pilot (Cillian Murphy) who is on the verge of an emotional breakdown and becomes a danger to the mission.In the air, a squadron of three RAF pilots (including Tom Hardy and Jack Lowden) patrol the skies for Luftwaffe planes and, when they find them, try to shoot them down to keep them from shooting the soldiers on the beach or bombing the ships and boats trying to rescue them. They doggedly and heroically pursue their mission, in spite of the unpredictability and danger of the Luftwaffe planes, very limited (dwindling) fuel supplies and the loss of comrades. As this and the other two narratives develop, the movie interweaves all three stories and brings each to logical, but fairly unpredictable conclusions.""Dunkirk"" is an innovative, well-crafted and enjoyable film. Nolan (best known for his ""Dark Knight"" trilogy, ""Inception"" and ""Interstellar"") effectively joins his three differently-paced narratives (although the back-and-forth between day and night in the beach scenes can be a little disorienting). His script contains a relatively small amount of dialog, instead building suspense by concentrating on the details of what's happening and showing all of it through the eyes of his actors. He chose to cast (mostly) unknown actors in order to focus on the characters' personal stories and he conducted an exhaustive casting process to make sure his approach would bear fruit. (And it did, even with the casting of One Direction singer Harry Styles in his first film role.) Nolan also shot using creative and evocative camera angles, he favored practical effects (rather than an overuse of green-screen technology) for his crowd scenes and action sequences and put a lot of effort into shooting with authentic period planes, ships and boats, some of which participated in the Dunkirk evacuation in 1940. Oh, and Hans Zimmer's original score (complete with a synthesized version of Nolan's own pocket watch ticking away the time) stands out. In short, Christopher Nolan has dramatized a vital, but under-appreciated chapter of World War II history in a style that is all his own and has made a film that should appeal to Movie Fans of all styles. The little that it lacks in excitement, back story and narrative cohesion as compared to more traditional war films, it mostly makes up for in artistic and entertainment value. ""A-"""
67,"Dunkirk tells the well known British story of the decisive WWII battle held at Dunkirk, ""The Miracle of Dunkirk."" Dunkirk is a brilliant atmospheric drama/thriller, it serves brilliantly as to tell the story of a historical event from multiple perspectives through immersing audiences in the midst of the battle and the intensity of the atmosphere. Dunkirk made the stylistic choice to not let audiences get attached to any one character and truly is highlighting the horrors and struggles of the event itself. It focuses on the situation rather than the characters as most war film does, as a result we never get much backstory on any characters and many characters can be confusing to follow and connect with. However as I said this is a stylistic choice not a production flaw and it is a decision that I liked. I liked that Christopher Nolan chose a less conventional route to tell a war story and I think that this is a very interesting way of depicting an event that for the participants must seem extremely dire and helpless.Tom Hardy once again does an amazing job despite once again having half his face covered, yet he still manages to do such an amazing work with his eyes alone. Other than Hardy, Harry Style's acting debut also delivered well and I am looking forward to any of his future works. In fact it seems like a direct personal comment from Nolan to the audience of the true atrocities and horrors of war, by not highlighting the story behind these individuals they seem to lose significance and character almost as if they never existed, now this is a powerful statement in contrary to the clichéd war film trope that depict things like, valorous men charging into battle, widows and children receiving the country's honors, men sharing stories in the thick of battle. No, Nolan chose not to glorify war by showing us what great characters these people are but chooses to throw out the stone cold truth of the insignificance of men in the thick of war and under the mercy of fighter planes. In fact it is even highlighted at one point that prime minister Winston Churchill demands a certain amount of men to return as if they were just statistics and figures, this is a film that doesn't shy away from the political truths of war and serves to caution and remind us of the horrors of war, a reminder to audiences to get their head out of some sort of a dramatised glorified depiction of war."
68,"First of all I want to say that Christopher Nolan is one of the best directors of all time. In fact, I was really nervous about the film as a Nolan fan because it's his first war film. I've read some bad reviews and they all wrote that the film was a total disappointment. I don't agree with that. In spite of I couldn't see the film in IMAX, I still felt like I was in the film. All the sinking and drowning scenes were so realistic that I felt I was there and drowning with them. The characters were emotionally strong. Especially Cillian Murphy's character was so strong that I could get into his head and see through his eyes. The scene when he asked about the boy that he accidentally killed was so touching. The only thing that I didn't like about the film was Harry Styles' acting performance. He just couldn't make us feel the film's spirit. For example when they realized there was a foreigner soldier in the ship with them he got angry but it was so phony. But I can simply say that I loved the film. Nolan did a perfect job. I'm sure that he will keep doing great films like this film."
69,"Good WWII movie, admitting early on that historical accuracy is not its intention, and told in Quentin Tarantino fashion, flashing back and forward between incidents involving army, navy and air forces trying to flee Dunkirk (France), or help others make their way back to the UK.According to Commander Bolton (played by Branagh), 400,000 men were on beaches of Dunkirk awaiting removal, and supposedly only about 10% of those men would get out of France - or so were Winston Churchill's calculations because the overriding priority was to use all resources to protect UK territory. Direction is sound, photography competent (though computer effects are obvious), and acting is in such small patches by so many people that no one really stands out, with the possible exceptions of Mark Rylance, who embodies the famous courage of common British people as he takes his small yacht to Dunkirk and rescues British forces stranded at sea along the way; and Tom Hardy, who gets the plum part of the Spitfire pilot shooting the hell out of Messerschmidts and Heynckels.It is refreshing to see a movie about Brits played by Brits, no Americans about, which is historically accurate as the USA pursued its isolationist policy at the time. It is also credible that, at the beginning of the movie, the Brits should want their countrymen to travel first out of France and leave the French to their fate. It is not so credible that, by the end of the movie, Commander Bolton should say that he wants to stay behind to help the French get out, nor do I imagine the Admiralty agreeing to such a senior officer staying potentially within grasp of the enemy just to help the ""frogs."" It is an unfortunately overly sentimental touch that - in my humble opinion - smacks of Brexit apology.In fact, what happened was that Churchill ordered the destruction of the French Navy's fleet, then the world's largest, so it would not fall into German hands and be used against Great Britain -- and many of the French ships were sunk with French servicemen inside. So much for helping the ""frogs""...Perhaps that is why Nolan is not interested in historical accuracy about the events at Dunkirk.All told, it is a film well worth watching that pays deserved homage to the British people's courage, intelligence, resourcefulness, firmness of purpose, and capacity to find the silver lining in the direst of situations."
70,"Are you fans of S*** movies like ""fast and furious 999""? It seems that you need to watch S*** like Wonder Woman! Because this is out of your league! This is not the best war movie i've ever seen but it's a hell of a masterpiece! Watching this masterpiece in the theater is an experience! The game with the time frame is a little bit confusing. But it's one of the things that makes this movie so special! The directing and the sound are incredible! This movie is a hell of a work! All the air action scenes are just breathtaking! The music by Hans Zimmer is beautiful... I'm giving 10/10 just because some people have the guts to give him one star! You should be ashamed of yourself! This movie is not for everyone..."
71,"""Wars are not won by evacuations..."" Words spoken by Churchill after the events depicted in Christopher Nolan's latest film DUNKIRK. Yet, Nolan chooses this backdrop to deliver a war movie that is as immersive as the D-Day landing in Saving Private Ryan. But the similarities end there. Nolan uses three different vantage points each with a different time-line: The Mole, the rock wall protecting the harbor, over a full week; the Air over the course of only an hour; and the Sea over a full day. All this is presented with typeface near the beginning of the film to help orient the viewer to what's being shown. What is unique is that Nolan uses non-linear storytelling. By doing so, we become immersed in the events as though we are each of the characters. Similar to Memento or Interstellar, Nolan again shows confidence in the audience and we are rewarded for it. We won't find long lines of exposition to explain things. Neither does he ask for our emotions in conventional ways. Rather by utilizing visual angles, intense sound, and non-verbal cues, he urges us to become immersed in the story with these soldiers, pilots and merchant marines and day fisherman bringing home across the channel. In only one instance did I sense Nolan obviously building a crescendo of emotions at the events on the screen. Despite this, there is much to appreciate in this film.Where many war movies generally depict impressive battlefield or theater heroism against great odds usually resulting in rescue or victory. Nolan delivers a more poignant look inside war from what Churchill also called a ""colossal military disaster."" Because of its unique look at war, it is definitely worth a look.B+"
72,"Set in 1940, the story revives around a port called Dunkirk where approximately 400,000 soldiers of allied forces got stuck with no available escapes through the mainland and stay in the hope of a miracle of their survival by a probable evacuation. Director depicted the story from three different perspectives with three different time horizons that intersect each other eventually!Dunkirk merely a character driven film with their heroic tales as it never explains the background of any of its characters that much on how, why and from where they got stuck in a French port and their purposes rather portrays the fact of the survival of those 400,000 soldiers from their counterpart by the only means of evacuation.Nolan's Dunkirk remains as a visual treat with the best cinematographic experience and splendid sound design till date! It feels like you are in the actual situation!The movie hardly has any dialogues and might be the only of its genre where the background score never stops breathing and keeps the audience gripped in it spontaneously! It acts like the heart which keeps it alive.It's not an ordinary film that you watched and understood on a first go with the perplexed time horizons involved but the storytelling is pretty straightforward this time unlike Nolan's other films like Memento, Inception or Interstellar lately.Forget everything and stop expecting any of that sorts, if you have already watched Schindler's list, The pianist, Downfall, Saving Private Ryan or even recent release Hacksaw Ridge. Dunkirk hardly belongs to that genre. It's not a typical war film rather a survival film with almost no bloodshed!!!Director Christopher Nolan crafted the thought of making Dunkirk almost 25 years back. It's his most ambitious project till date and an apparent research paper with pure depiction of a wartime situation without revealing the plot!"
73,"When I saw the IMAX feature clip for this film before watching Rogue One back in December, I just knew I had to watch this film in IMAX. Christopher Nolan is probably the most successful modern day director going today. He was able to establish a niche early on, then came out with a very well received comic book trilogy. He was audacious to go for a sci-fi film that turned out to be quite grand. Here, he took a shot at a war film and I think he has done very well.Dunkirk is told in three phases. On the land, in the sea, and in the air. Each section is connected but the duration of time of each segment differs. The week we see on land involves a young Englishman trying to survive while along the way meeting two fellow young soldiers and being sunk by enemy German fire. The sea portion takes place in a day and involves a civilian boat that is run by a father and son and their attempts to rescue as many soldiers as they can from Dunkirk. The air portion lasts only an hour and follows a fighter pilot and his attempt to take down enemy planes while trying to ration the fuel in his engine.Time is definitely a construct that connects each section in a non linear method. You can literally hear the ticking of a clock in the score, and its persistent. Speaking of the score, Mr Hans Zimmer has outdone himself. The score is ever present and it carries on nearly throughout the entire film. It never lets up and is at times majestic, tense, and absolute momentum building madness. The jarring sounds (especially in IMAX) is phenomenal. IMAX was able to heighten the experience. Every loud gun sounding off and every roaring plane is so precise, loud, and absolutely brings you into the world of the film.The script and dialogue is kept light and its so great that way. There isn't a whole lot of dialogue and there doesn't need to be in this type of war film. Nolan isn't exactly trying to build the strongest of characters. The film is really a cinematic experience. The long shots are beautiful. There is heavy use of practical effects and virtually no CGI. It feels so authentic, and Nolan masters the art of cinema here. The film introduces a few fresh faces and includes some familiar ones, even those who have worked with Nolan in the past. Also Harry Styles (who was surprisingly quite good).I think this film ranks quite highly in Nolan's work. I may need to give it a rewatch to see exactly where it does. I can see why people won't enjoy it because its so different than what Nolan has done in the best. I for one, love the direction he is going in now. He's become a bold and ambitious filmmaker doing what he thinks is write and not really pandering with this one. Its got to be one of the best war films of all time already. Definitely up to par with expectations.8.5/10"
74,"From a point-of-view of an inveterate pacifist, any war film shouldn't be bothered to watch, whether it wields its anti-war flag or not, because it is either flogging a dead horse or being brazenly repugnant. But when one is made by Christopher Nolan, there is no excuse for a film buff to dodge from facing the man-made atrocity dutifully affixed with adequate dosage of individual heroism gleaming as the silver lining (SAVING PRIVATE RYAN is a clear forefather), and this is DUNKIRK. Without any question, Mr. Nolan envisions and executes an immersive experience for pampering audience to vicariously partake in the action, its triptych structural arrangement from land, sea, and air with different temporalities starts as a tad discombobulating, but before long would we be utterly blown away by the sheer mastery of its grand-scale imagery and sonic accompaniment, in particular that muffled ticking sound blanketing the infantry pawns as they are continuously besieged by aerial attack, torpedo charge and stray bullets, our protagonist on the land is the Private Tommy, played by a young Tom Courtenay ringer, the rookie Fionn Whitehead, who has no intention to be heroic at any rate when the priority is simply to stay alive. He is first paired with Gibson (Barnard), so as to take a chance of getting on board of a departing warship along with those who are injured, which doesn't work. After biding their time hidden themselves under the mole, they finally land on their feet on another ship, surprisingly, Gibson chooses to stay away from his fellow compatriots, a decision which prompts his life-saving conduct when the ship is sinking underwater, among whom he saves are Peter and Alex (Styles), but the real reason behind that decision will boomerang later, which the ingrate Alex should partially answer for. Here Nolan's script pluckily wrestles with the shadowy underside of the internecine conflicts among the Allies, when nationality hogging the precedence over individual lives. And it is interesting to divine why Nolan doesn't swap the upshots of Alex and Gibson if he really wants to state a point. On the sea, the evacuation aided by boats of civilians brings to the fore of an ordinary family's selfless deeds in a perilous situation, Mark Rylance superbly plays Mr. Dawson, a seafarer who has already lost a son to the war and volunteers to the rescue mission with another son Peter (Glynn- Carney) and a young helper George (Keoghan) in his own boat, en route, they successfully come to aid to a soldier on the flotsam (Murphy, in his best shell-shocked form) and a British pilot (Lowden) almost trapped to death in the cockpit before sailing near Dunkirk, but one might feel a bit disappointed that even Nolan has to predictably yield to the last-second-succor schtick in his own script. The Dawson's involvement also poignantly brings home to us the inconvenient truth: being heroic also entails that one must pay its price, however unpleasant it is. In the firmament, British Supermarine Spitfires (although riddled with malfunctions) engage in dogfight with German bombers, they are the guardian angels of those defenseless earth-bound foot soldiers and unwieldy vessels, Tom Hardy, as one of the pilots, is the ultimate hero specimen, laconic, unfazed and cool-headed, a sublimed understated performance.DUNKIRK's robust box-office revenue bears witness to a reassuring fact that a director's name can still usurp bankability from film stars (whose power is actually dwindling significantly into the 21st century), because auteurism shouldn't only to be ensconced on the art house sphere, it should be the new norm if our film industry needs to prosper, we need more star-directors like Christopher Nolan and maybe this time, Academy members can finally cave in."
75,"Might as well get right to it, then. At the risk of sounding like a contrarian, I did not love this film. Do I love elements of this? Yes. Is this a 5-star masterpiece? Unfortunately, no. The cinematography here at least, is masterful. Director Christopher Nolan has, without a doubt, reached the pinnacle of on-screen spectacle here. The feats of practical effects in this film are breathtaking. The casting of nearly 6,000 extras, authentic WWII vehicles, and shooting on location in Dunkirk, France contribute to a great sense of scale here. There is ongoing trend of action films in recent years of relying on CGI, and thankfully Nolan bucks that trend. Similar to War for the Planet of the Apes, much of the film plays out without much dialogue, leaning on just the score and sound design in most scenes. It almost goes without saying that Hans Zimmer delivers with another incredible score. The sound design is also extremely well crafted, which, paired with Nolan's great work behind the camera, truly transports you to the Battle of Dunkirk. The wailing of planes passing above, the drone of gunfire, and the roar of explosions all contribute to the complete immersion into the world these characters are trapped in. This results in some of the most immersive wartime action scenes since Saving Private Ryan.This film has and will continue to be compared to World War II classic Saving Private Ryan. Both films are beautifully filmed WWII period pieces with casts that deliver great performances. The similarities end there. Whereas Saving Private Ryan was engrossing as a narrative due to it's characters with depth and arcs, Dunkirk instead leans on it's subject matter and spectacle.And while the subject matter of Dunkirk is fascinating, as a film it lacks emotional firepower due to the absence of a strongly written protagonist. This is strangely uncharacteristic of a director of Nolan's caliber, especially when you recall the complex character work in his most acclaimed films: The Dark Knight, Memento, and The Prestige. Instead of focusing on a single character or single group of characters, the focus is spread across three protagonists in completely different situations. Showing the Dunkirk Evacuation through the three different perspectives of those on the beach, the sea, and the air is only an interesting proposition on paper. The narrative, due to this writing choice, is spread far too thin, with few characters getting enough screen time to develop even the mildest emotional connection.While the characters in this film aren't written to even remotely be compelling, the great work from this cast is not to be overlooked. Harry Styles, known for being a member of English boy band One Direction, is surprisingly excellent here in his acting debut. Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, and Fionn Whitehead also all give standout performances despite the limited screen time they are given. I should love this film. Historical drama? WWII setting? My favorite director Christopher Nolan? Amazing cinematography? Superb performances from an ensemble cast? All of these elements made me sure I would love this going in. But, Dunkirk's lack of emotional connection severely detracts from the awe-inspiring scope and technical prowess displayed. If I reviewed based on visuals alone, this is a slam-dunk, walk-off home run of a 5-star film. While a focus on grandeur and situation over character depth and emotion may work for some (it obviously worked for 98% of critics on Rotten Tomatoes), it did not work for this critic.This is without a doubt a cinematic achievement, but without an emotional core, it's impossible for this film not to feel cold and empty. Despite being a technical masterpiece, this is Christopher Nolan's most disappointing film yet."
76,"I love Christofer Nolan. Great director. Great movies. No doubt about that. But unfortunately I think the movie was boring. It had awesome fight scenes, with different camera angles, music, costumes but it did not keep you at the edge of your seat like his other movies. Almost no dialogue. You can say that it is realistic, because it is a war scene but the viewer needs to know something about the characters in order to identify with them. I felt like I was watching on youtube different war scenes in a 2 hours movie. It did not create the suspense I was hoping."
77,"""The best world war 2 movie to date""? Really? As a guy who have been brought up on ww2 movies, I had to attend the first showing. Especially since there were so many ""best ever"" headlines. So there I went.This movie is one long action sequence that stretches 106 minutes. But if you deduct the number of times that the exact same situation is shown, but from a different camera angle at another time in the movie, it barely passes the 60 minute mark. And after Hardy shoots down his fourth German plane, a stuka divebombs for the fifth time towards the beach, or Branagh looks up in the sky for the 7th time, it gets repetitive. This actually felt like one long teaser prologue to 'Battle of Britain'. (If the rumors are true that Ridley Scott is doing his take on Battle of Britain, all I can say is: get busy!)In 'Dunkirk' there's almost no dialogue, no conflict between any of the characters, no character development at all and the enemy is completely faceless. So this makes it a rather forgettable movie for me, unlike 'Hacksaw Ridge', 'Saving Private Ryan' and many of the other great world war 2 movies, that show war like it is: bloody. 'Dunkirk' is rated PG-13, which will sure please all the young Harry Styles fans. In retrospective: The 5-minute Dunkirk segment (all shot in one take, an available on You Tube) from the movie 'Atonement' still makes a much larger impression to me, than I think Nolan's first (and hopefully not last) world war 2 movie forever will be doing.But besides that - what Nolan (and collaborator Hans Zimmer) always do really well however is to create suspense, and there are some real nailbiting scenes in there, which make the ticket almost worth it.I left the theater disappointed, though. Expected it to leave a larger impression. It didn't. If you would have preferred 'Titanic' to be a movie that started right when the ship began sinking, 'Saving Private Ryan' to be all about the Omaha beach landing, and 'Braveheart' to be all about the battle of Sterling and Fallkirk, you don't mind cardboard characters, and you often find yourself muttering ""when do they get to the action-part?"", then 'Dunkirk' is definitely for you. For people who enjoy movies for emotional context, also: be advised that you won't find it here."
78,"I saw Dunkirk at the Dolby Cinema in Eindhoven (NL) last Friday with a friend and in the end we both didn't really know what to think of it. It's by no means a bad movie, I mean visually...man...Hoytema has done terrific cinematic work. Hans Zimmers score was again a stunning combination of sound design and music. But for a Christopher Nolan film the movie left something to be desired. In the past, every film he did, it kept you thinking about it. The implications, the deeper meanings of what Nolan is trying to say to us as a story teller. This one doesn't do that. It's an unfolding of events, and although spectacular, it keeps the audience at a distance. To me the movie screamed 'look at me, look at me' but when you look at it, it doesn't communicate its message. Does it even have a message? Apart from Mr. Dawson I did not connect with any of the characters. When his son dies, I feel for him. I don't feel for any other person who dies. I would compare this with Schindler's List, which has lots of (unnamed) characters, the girl with the glasses, the little boy who tries to hide, the girl with the red jacket, to name the obvious ones. Maybe they have names, but my point is they aren't main characters and their names aren't important. But you experience some of the story by following their events. Dunkirk is a movie that's contrived only of those kind of characters and it constantly jumps between them. Even between time frames, which disoriented me.And there's nothing wrong doing this in a movie, but in my opinion you have to compensate this with context. A reason or connection of why you do this. Why are you telling it this way? Also when a movie starts or ends with titles, and those titles are so crucial to your story that if left out, you can't explain (part of) the movie, for me that's a tell that in the cutting room they discovered the movie or a part of it didn't work on its own. The jumping between time lines could have been fixed by connecting those time lines at some point halfway through the movie or maybe another clever trick. He's Christopher Nolan after all, or are we discovering that it was actually Jonathan who was the clever mind behind Chistophers movies? We don't need opening titles that tell us about hacking minds to gain access to peoples dreams. Inception tells us this as the movie unfolds, although the exposition scene with Ellen Page was a bit too much. The introduction of the Joker in the Dark Knight or Bane in the Dark Knight Rises. We don't need to know who these characters are for the audience to become intrigued by them. I for one did not know the Bane character before seeing the Dark Knight Rises. But the introduction alone, just hearing his name makes you fear him. Memento takes us on a journey discovering what's happening and what has happened. Interstellar, how it connects time and events. Cause and effect are connected. Each movie brilliant on their own. But for me, Dunkirk doesn't fit in this list of movies.Again, I'm not saying Dunkirk was a bad movie. It just isn't, and I still gave it a 7. If it were any other director, I wouldn't be writing this. But for me it wasn't enough of a movie to feel whole. For a Christopher Nolan film, I wanted more, I wanted to be inspired, I wanted to be thinking about the deeper meaning of the movie, I wanted to feel the need to re-watch this over and over and I didn't get that. I just got a movie."
79,"What Nolan has done with Dunkirk is create an outstanding piece of cinematography, with an interesting concept that works well (the three balanced time-lines taking place at a different pace, a week, a day and an hour). However, there are just a few things missing that prevent this from being a masterpiece.The first is a simple graphical introduction with maps. I know the assumption is that most people know about Dunkirk (and being a British history teacher, obviously I know the story too), however for global audiences, there simply isn't the knowledge there to understand what is going on. For example, what year is this? What has happened in the war already (the invasion of Poland)? Why is the situation so desperate (because Germany has surrounded the allied forces and overrun the French defenses by going through the Ardennes forest in Belgium)? The USA has not yet entered the war (for American audiences), and nether have the Soviets. The French are about to surrender to Germany, leaving Britian alone to face the Germans. Dunkirks location in relation to England. All of this could have been explained with a short graphical introduction (like in enemy at the gates) of less than 2 minutes long. It wasn't, and therefore it simply looks like the British are running away without any explanation.The second thing that is missing is the desperation of Dunkirk. By all accounts, the evacuation was generally pretty orderly. However, after the initial introductory scene, there is none of this on the beach in the second half of the film. When things should be getting more desperate (and there were many thousands of British soldiers who got left behind) during the second half, it seems like the Germans stop attacking the beach (except for one lone aircraft that gets shot down by Tom Hardy). This isn't true, and in the end Hitler does order his troops to move in when the air-force fails. Not to mention, the fact that many of the small boats get sunk too - it was an evacuation under fire, this is missing from the end of the movie when the boats turn up. It gives the impression that the evacuation was somehow fine once the boats turned up and does a disservice to the heroes on those boats and the whole first half of the movie (set on the mole - ignoring the parts at sea). This could have all been improved with a bit more artillery and plane attacks at the end of the movie.The final scene which could have been included was Murphey's story - just a few scenes of his own evacuation from the beach - during the second third of the movie (increasing the fact that the mole was a week - whereas at the moment it seems it is two days, not a week), and then how he ended up being the sole survivor on his ship to be rescued - explaining why he is suffering PTSD would justify his earlier attack on the young boy. This would increase the length of the movie to about 2 hours and a bit - which is how long this movie should be. At the moment it is simply too short, and that prevents it being a masterpiece. Shame, because apart from that Nolan did a great job."
80,"Christopher Nolan has always struck me as a very talented film-maker, and most of his films are ones that have impressed me a lot. Even weaker efforts, where his ambition can get in the way, have a good deal to admire. His films are all impeccably crafted technically, and often entertaining and thought-provoking, also knowing how to get good performances out of talented casts.'Dunkirk' had me interested in it from the get go. Not just because Nolan was the director, though he is to me one of the ""appreciated"" directors than a personal favourite, and, while all his films range from decent to outstanding, again from personal opinion only 'Memento' is a film without faults, so like him and his films but don't consider them the best thing since sliced bread. There was also the involvement of Hans Zimmer, who has penned some great scores (both in his collaborations with Nolan, being a regular, and elsewhere) and a cast that includes Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy. Plus 'Dunkirk' was based off one of the most disastrous events in British wartime history, actually cited by Winston Churchill as ""a colossal military disaster"".Seeing 'Dunkirk', after hearing a lot of acclaim but also a lot of divisive opinions on both sides, there was a lot to admire about 'Dunkirk' but, although it is a visual, technical, audio and directorial masterpiece, it is not the triumph of film-making it could have been. As far as Nolan's films go for me it's a lesser effort, meaning often impressive but flawed where ambition gets in the way of execution, feel exactly the same way about 'Interstellar' which has similar strengths and flaws to 'Dunkirk'. Personally do feel strongly that regardless of how disappointing it would have been to others it is a long way from a 1/10 film, even if the film didn't do much for me it would have gotten a 4 at least from me.Let's start with the strengths first. First off, 'Dunkirk' looks amazing, so far being one of the best-looking films of the year. Very evocatively designed, atmospherically lit and the cinematography is dazzling with some grit but also some audaciousness. Nolan's direction is often superb, especially in the very visceral spectacle, and on an audio level it is just as big a triumph. The sound is constant but didn't bother me, coming from somebody who can have hyper-sensitive hearing but is used to loud noises and high volume (necessary for the experience) when going to the cinema. If anything it added to the authenticity.Hans Zimmer's score has garnered a lot of praise, acclaimed from most in part, but has had some dissenting opinions. Count me in as someone who loved it, there is an ominous quality but also a pathos and rousing bombast that enhances the pulsating heart-beat.The action is often enthralling, and there is some nerve-shredding tension and some heart-wrenching emotional pathos (like in Cillian Murphy's performance). Loved the performances as well, the best coming from a quietly dignified and understated Mark Rylance who can say little and still speak volumes with just a small gesture, his eyes and his facial expressions. Kenneth Branagh's role is not a large one but he does make much of it. Nolan regulars Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy command the screen effortlessly, Murphy's shell-shocked soldier in particular is genuinely moving. Was absolutely shocked in a good way at how good Fionn Whitehead's and Harry Styles (on paper an insane casting choice) feature film debuts were.On the other hand, what makes 'Dunkirk' less than triumphant is that the characterisation, writing and story are on the messy side. Didn't mind the minimal dialogue and understood completely why it was done, did mind that the characters were underdeveloped and severely lacking in depth, one never gets to know them which is a shame because the acting is so good.'Dunkirk' has been criticised for being emotionally cold and not getting enough into the horrors of war. Do agree with those criticisms actually. There are times actually where both actually come through, there is tension and suspense, there are some harrowing moments and some poignant ones, but we don't want moments, we want consistency. 'Dunkirk' is not horrifying or gut-wrenching enough (for war films it is fairly tame) and does lack consistent emotional investment.Nolan could have done more with the historical side of things, it is a good thing that a good deal of people here have knowledge of the event but it can't be assumed that everybody knows about it or all the facts, nobody expects a history lesson but there was a missed opportunity in this regard. While being a technical and visual masterpiece, some of the editing is chaotic in places, as an epileptic it was just about bearable but still felt too much even for what it was trying to do. Lastly, while having a non-linear structure is not a bad thing (Nolan did it with 'Memento' and masterfully) how the three stories were told did get confused at times and it was hard keeping up with the constant back and forth.So overall, less than triumphant but hardly disastrous. Often impressive but problematic. 6.5-7/10 Bethany Cox"
81,"The film is separated in three sub-stories.One follows a soldier on the beach of Dunkirk. This plot had much more potential than what has been done with, but also remains within a dull and realistic scope.One follows a man with his common boat going at the rescue in Dunkirk. This plot was okay but that's all.One follows a pilot flying with his comrade, clearing enemies the best they can in direction of Dunkirk. This plot was exceptionally amazing and moving. I was very touched by it.There are three major negatives in my opinion: ----Firstly, one of the attractive premise of the film was its acclaimed realism about war. And yet with a PG rating, the film stray quite away from the crudeness of warfare. The most blood to be seen is on gauze and bandage of the wounded. No physical obliteration, flying limbs nor anything in graphic nature of actual war.Possibly, Nolan wanted to make the horror of war accessible to the popular audience, where war movies may not be that attractive in the first place, by using of his reputation. The film is mostly about the psychological perspective of living such event.In short, a strawberry shortcake without strawberry. ----Secondly, the ambiance brought with the aid of Hans Zimmer score is not without fault. At some point, around 3/4th of the movie, I found myself distracted by this music. The dramatically-epic sounds fill the film throughout, reducing their emotional impact and at time, as aforementioned, feel downright pretentious.In short, no need to force drama upon the act of taking a load with epic music. ---- Finally, throughout the movie, only a handful of German planes can be seen and some out of focus German soldiers at the very end. That's pretty much all there is about the axis in this film, which is a shame.In short, the good versus the bad bias. Not addressing the enemy perspective and showing the allied in a general triumphant light.The film is in a way contradictory in the sense that it is highly claustrophobic, focusing on characters that in turn have little development. There are few scenes of large and extended perspective, with the exception of the aerial sub-plot. A very large shot, encompassing the whole beach, showing the 400000 soldiers would have been epic.Concluding, this is a somewhat great movie. More historic values than its ''censored'' realism despite tremendous practical effects."
82,"It is a bad sign if a movie tries to inject suspense with an overwhelming soundtrack. It means a weak script or weak acting performances. A lot of money was clearly spent here but the end result (the emotion level you receive) is only a bit more than average. While the structure of the script / editing is sort of original, the story itself and the characters are so so. It all feels a bit flat and cannot compare to war movie masterpieces such as Saving Private Ryan or Come and See which have seriously dramatic scenes, acting and emotions."
83,"Christopher Nolan is a great filmmaker that is undoubtable to me. He had accomplished many amazing feats and this film is no different than those. However what his past films did have that this one lacks is a really care for the characters involved and what was going on in it. This film is lacking in that aspect and instead the camera angles and the overall feel of the film is what makes you care more than the characters themselves do. I came out this film feeling a intense claustrophobic feeling throughout. There are many small areas that characters are in and the action feels so intense and it does this without any blood or gore. Instead it is all about the camera movement that makes you want to puke,tense up, and get scared for sheer life. Nolan uses the characters to put you inside the action and make you feel like you are there even if your not. It is a amazing work of art and powerful as well. Dunkirk truly succeeds in every way of what it tries to accomplish."
84,"I had high hopes for this movie, but was ultimately left a little disappointed. Everyone knows the Dunkirk story, and how the steely determination of a nation helped rescue hundreds of thousands of stranded soldiers from the beaches of France. As Churchill noted, it was a miraculous escape, but wars aren't won with evacuations. Anyhow, the movie was well acted, and well-enough made, but it felt as though they didn't really convey the true scale of the evacuation. Some 800 boats were used to transfer more than 300,000 soldiers from France to the U.K., so surely the English Channel should've been filled with boats. The movie just seemed to focus on a few boats, and a few soldiers, and it didn't do a particularly great job of illustrating the true scale of the evacuation. It was almost as though they were trying to save money by not having to recreate the scene.One thing I did like though was that there didn't seem to be a ""star"" of the movie. There were many well-known faces, including Kenneth Branagh, Cilian Murphy, Harry Styles (who was actually not bad) and others. But they all had relatively small parts, and clearly weren't brought in to ""Hollywood-ize"" the movie, which was a good thing. It wanted to focus on the story rather than the famous names playing the roles. Ultimately though, the story was a little disjointed, and it could've been told much better. I can't quite fathom why this has an 8+ rating on IMDB, it's more of a 6.8 IMHO."
85,"The usual form is not seen in this film, There's no plot so the suspense become non-sense. I didn't know the name of the protagonist in all the movie. So, if the characters aren't developed you can't feel the suspense because you don't know characters' lives. Nolan also wants suspense scenes and that makes it look a little forced.I punctuated it as 7, because the vissual effects are just awesome.No development, no dialogue, no plot, and forced suspense."
86,"I think the film is so wide, it didnt feel important and deep. It was everywhere at the same time. For me this can be a double edged sword and in this case i felt that the sharp end hit the film and gave a visually stunning film and an ensemble cast yet emotionally shallow, ineffective movie. I wish we had more time to focus on singular subjects to understand the depth of the war, i couldnt find myself feeling the character or i didnt feel aroused by the cormadery that is presented in the film, I am Nolan and this film for me is too much of Nolan's bad qualities and too little of his good. Yet the subject matter calls for a step back from Nolan main approach and asks him to reinvent himself which he refuses to do."
87,"I respectfully disagree; did this movie lack intensity? Watching war films without feeling the visceral horror and tension of battle is truly underwhelming. ""Saving Private Ryan"" immerses you in World War 2 with bullets whizzing by, explosions ripping through, and bodies trembling, evoking spine-chilling shivers. However, ""Dunkirk"" appears orderly and sanitized, lacking that crucial sense of raw tension.I struggled to connect with any of the characters, as they seemed devoid of heroism and depth, leaving me with the impression of mere character actors.The cinematography stood out as a strong point."
88,"Dunkirk is the latest film by Christopher Nolan. As usual people are praising his film as a masterpiece. I'm a fan of Nolan so I wanted to love this film like everyone else. However, I have to be honest; this is one of his weaker films, in my opinion. I'm not the biggest fan of war movies, so that doesn't help either. I would put this over The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises, but every other film he's made I think is better. I would even put Interstellar over this. I'm not the biggest fan of war films, so that doesn't help either. Though, this is certainly not the best war movie I've seen either. The film isn't bad, but it's painfully average.The plot is very simple. The Germans have pushed the British and the French back to the beaches of Dunkirk. Military vessels and plains are in short supply so civilian boats are mobilized to rescue the stranded troops on the beach. The rest of the film is the soldiers surviving on the beach as the civilian vessels make their way there.The film does some things well. From a technical aspect Dunkirk is amazing. The film looks great, and the effects are amazing, as one would expect from a Nolan film. It has the typical gray, bleak look to it, like in most Nolan movies, but it fit the tone of the film and gave it a good atmosphere. The music also fit very well.The action scenes are alright for what they are. This is not action-heavy war movie, but a survival war picture. Do not expect wall-to-wall action in that sense. I also like how the Germans are never seen throughout the flick, but there presence is still heavily felt. The few fight scenes we do get are okay at best. Some of the action gets confusion, and becomes difficult to tell who is fighting who.The issue with this movie is that it gets dull. This is one of Nolan's shorter films, at two hours, yet you can still feel the length at times. Some scenes feel unnecessary or are dragged out for too long.The characters are also dull. That's the film's main problem is that all of the characters are boring. The acting is fine, but the characters they are not that interesting; none of them. Cillian Murphy, a great actor, is wasted in this role. It's not that I hated any of the characters, but I wasn't invested in any of them either.That's a problem, because characters are essential getting invested in a story. If you have good characters the viewers are on that journey with them and feel what they feel. Since I wasn't invested in the characters the film did not hit nearly as hard with me as it should have. The message of Dunkirk is the same as any war film. It wants to convey to the audience how terrible war is. However, there are so many war movies that do this better because they have a better cast that resonates with you.Overall, Dunkirk is a mixed bag. It's an okay movie that's worth one watch. However, there are better war films, and certainly better Christopher Nolan movies, out there."
89,"First and foremost, Dunkirk is PG-13 movie. There's almost no blood, sweat and real war horrors in it. What we're basically seeing is a sort of a documentary. Dunkirk's primary goal is making you aware of in how difficult situation British and French soldiers were.That means that there's little dialogue in the movie. No personal story is embedded in it. But what is really strange is that there is not so much action neither. Action is distributed throughout the movie and always comes as a climax to previous developments. That's why you can hear silent but noticeable ""tika-taka"" sound throughout almost the entire movie. Secondly, Dunkirk is a very tense and loud experience. Story itself never rushes but steadily grows until it bursts. I believe emphasizing that effect is the reason why Nolan decided to tell the story in a non-linear fashion from three different perspectives; that way he can constantly keep you on the edge of your seat. If that weren't so, Dunkirk would frankly be a boring movie.All in all, if you're tired of violence, superficiality and too much talking but love tense story-line, Dunkrik is spot on. As for the war movie veterans: you may find it a bit unconvincing. It's still worth giving it a shot."
90,"We all know how good Christopher Nolan is, but this time he failed. How critics can overlook this is beyond me because it is not subjective. Objectively the film is missing essential tools of storytelling that are established for hundreds of years. Everyone who actually learned script writing would tell you the same.The movie is lacking two major things: 1. characters 2. conflict 1. The movie has NO characters. I don't mean thin ones I mean NO characters. We never even get names of the main protagonists. We get no backstory, no mannerisms, nothing. Another review said the film concentrates on the ""event"" Dunkirk rather than characters and on other filmmaking techniques. Even if that is the case and a conscious choice by Nolan you can't do that and expect people to be invested in your movie. It is like saying ""a film needed no story, visuals where more important"". You can't just ignore essential elements like story or characters.2. The movie has no conflict. And I don't mean conflict as in allies against Germany which by the way is also not really there because you never really get to see the enemy in form of a person. I mean conflict in dialog. There is almost no dialog in the movie therefore no conflicting views that make interesting dialog which is mind boggling since Nolan is usually very good in exact that field.Since there are no characters in the movie just faces you never get invested. Nolan has been criticized in the past for his films being cold. This is the coldest one. That being said I am sure next time he will deliver again but I guarantee that in 10 years this is the movie from Nolan nobody will remember, because there is just nothing memorable in it. Even if you are that gifted you can't just ignore basic storytelling foundations."
91,"I have been transfixed with the story of Dunkirk since I was a young adult. More than a third of a million soldiers were stuck on a beach. What will happen to them? This movie tells the story in vignettes. What it is lacking is that it does not show the grandiosity of what was on the beaches. There was over a third of a million men, not a battalion or two. That is like the entire population of New Orleans being on one beach at one time. The immensity of the task at hand is what makes the real Dunkirk story so compelling. Christopher Nolan missed it. It was still a good movie, but that flaw was a disappointment."
92,"I came out of Dunkirk thinking it was OK. I was just pretty happy it was over really. I sure would have liked a whole lot more character development. A big dash of story line would have been helpful. Dialog might have been nice. I remember thinking about ten minutes in, oh no, Nolan has gone off the deep end here with some kind of overly artistic self gratifying film. I kept hoping for about the next ten minutes that it would stop, that it was just his opening to a meaningful story about the brave successful rescue of an army that would live to later see victory. It didn't stop though. It went on and on and on and on. I suggest Schindler's List, Das Boot, Letters from Iwo Jima, A Bridge Over River Kwai, The Great Escape, Patton, Sophie's Choice, or a whole bunch of other films that just escape me right now, if you wan't to see great films, with characters and story line that draw you in, and help you loose yourself in a meaningful story about a particular experience of one of the endless number of difficult experiences which that terrible war produced. This film is distracting, at times confusing, underdeveloped, and a rather poor story teller. It's not all bad and certainly did have its moments, but ultimately did not deliver nearly what so many other films about WWII have so eloquently accomplished."
93,"The Dunkirk evacuation can be seen as three distinct elements working to accomplish this overall goal. The mole, where thousands of soldiers were for a week trying to survive and escape their hopeless situation. The sea, where civilians spent a day sailing their boats to transport the troops. And the air, where spitfire planes could last for an hour before refueling. All have stories worth telling. And as three separate episodes of a mini-series, it could work. Instead, they're mercilessly inter-cut, with this confusing time-line preventing the otherwise willing and game audience from becoming properly engaged with what we're seeing. It works as a series of tiny moments of humanity. Not as a whole.The entirety of this is using the snowball effect previously used well by Nolan in his third acts. This could become exhausting. However, there's time to breathe. Small victories that are celebrated(with whatever tea is available at the time. Not even kidding). There are no leads, merely characters that have more screen-time than others. No development, no one to get into? I disagree. They're all relate-able, trying to make it past the day. Or even just the second. This is tense, and you're never truly safe. It moves briskly, without rushing. This *is* indeed very loud, and those with genuinely sensitive ears may have to wait for the home release, despite that they'll lose out.I recommend this to any fan of Nolan. 7/10"
94,I really wanted to like this more. I find the story itself fascinating. Evacuating hundreds of thousands using practically anything that would float across the english channel is pretty remarkable. What was less remarkable was the movie itself. I didn't find myself becoming attached to the main characters. I felt myself wishing the focus would switch to some of the background characters who looked like they had more interesting stories to tell.
95,"We get to see the Dunkirk evacuation from land, air and sea, without getting too attached to any of the characters, which worked fine for me. A WEEK: The land guys are a bunch of soldiers trying repeatedly to get on a boat to England, but ending in worst trouble every time. Some claustrophobic moments in sinking ships are quite uncomfortable. The evacuation lasted a week so we get the feeling of a long wait.ONE DAY: On the sea, we follow the story of one of the many civilians who helped carrying soldiers back to England with their own boats. The two-way journey lasted one day, so the experience was different.ONE HOUR: The RAF pilots add more seasickness opportunities, with their daring manoeuvres to protect their stranded comrades. Their tanks could support one hour of flight, and this is the third, different view point.For the above mentioned reasons, the plot is not edited in chronological order, which was slightly annoying, but there was enough tension to keep the story going without a dull moment. If you like character-driven stories you will not like this, but I appreciated the lack of personal stories and the focus on the general, dismal feeling of defeat.Two small problems: the beach was too quiet, with relatively few soldiers waiting for a ride home. Over 300.000 soldiers were evacuated from Dunkirk, but we see at most a few hundreds waiting on the beach. Finally, the soundtrack was overbearing. It is clear it was a dramatic event without the need to have it hammered home with the hyper- dramatic, anxiety-inducing music.PS I know Nolan did not want to use CGI, but in this case some extra men on the beach would have added realism, rather than the opposite..."
96,"I was disappointed. The cinematography and action sequences were excellent but it was almost like the movie consisted of a series of vignettes which were only connected by virtue of being part of the same movie. I understand that justice cannot be done to such a monumental event in a little under 2 hours but if one were to enter the movie knowing absolutely nothing about the events in the movie and the potential impact on the world, they would not leave the movie with a greater knowledge of the events.There are many aspects of how the battle of Dunkirk was conducted. One of the major aspects was the influence London and Churchill had on the battle. This was pretty much overlooked in the movie which made it feel very disjointed."
97,"I'm a huge fan of Christopher Nolan, and Interstellar is one of my all- time favorite films. Although he chose a different and refreshing direction for this film, it wasn't my cup of tea. The cinematography and directing and score were all perfect 10's, but the screenplay and writing lacked what I was craving... something/someone to route for - not the entire film. Yes, I wanted a hero and a villain to hate an cheer for, not a documentary. Nevertheless, very enjoyable. Would I see it again? Probably not, and if so, only for the stunning visuals. It's a 7/10 from me"
98,"Until this point, film director and all-around mastermind Christopher Nolan has made epic character films. Memento, The Prestige, Inception, Interstellar...that were all epic in terms of character arc or story. Heck, Nolan even created the grittiest, true-to-real life Batman the world has seen to this point.With ""Dunkirk"", however, Nolan really goes back to his film roots: that of a cinematographer. He's no stranger to widely professing that the love of film, camera, and shot construction are what appeal to him most about film-making. While he usually has at least a hand in his films' screenplays, it is generally assumed that brother Jonathan (now of ""Westworld"" fame) does most of the heavy lifting in that department. Flying solo (w/o Jonathan) on ""Dunkirk"", it is clear that Christopher means for this new film to almost completely be told in a visual fashion. Whether that style appeals to you will determine your overall enjoyment of the experience.For a basic plot summary, ""Dunkirk"" tells the story of the famous 1940 WW2 scenario in which thousands of Allied soldiers are trapped on the beach at Dunkirk waiting for evacuation. The film tells this story of survival via three different lenses and time frames: -The Mole (land): Two young soldiers, Tommy (Fionn Whitehead) & Gibson (Aneurin Barnard), meet up on the Dunkirk beach and make an unspoken pact to find a way to escape onto one of the rescue boats. In their efforts, they run up against a number of obstacles, along the way picking up another friend, Alex (Harry Styles), in which to abscond with.Paralleling the escape attempts of the young soldiers are a number of conversations between military officers Commander Bolton (Kenneth Branagh) and Colonel Winnant (James D'Arcy), effectively framing how mammoth of an evacuation effort will be needed to not still be trapped like sitting ducks when the enemy arrives.-The Sea: Boats from the British mainland (just 30 miles or so from Dunkirk) are being commandeered to help with the rescue effort, but Mr. Dawson (Mary Rylance) sets out with no military presence on his boat. Joining him are son Peter (Tom Glynn-Carney) and the son's friend George (Barry Keoghan). Along the way, the yacht picks up a shell-shocked soldier (played by Cillian Murphy), who's express consent is to never return to Dunkirk again.-The Air: Patrolling the skies above the entire operation are Spitfighter pilots Farrier (Tom Hardy) & Collins (Jack Lowden), who must manage their fuel reserves, navigation techniques, and firepower to provide as much help as possible to ground/sea troops.In stark contrast to Nolan's previous efforts, ""Dunkirk"" is not a character piece, nor is it reliant whatsoever on narrative twists or epiphanies. Instead, ""Dunkirk"" is almost purely visual. Long stretches go by with almost no dialogue at all, and no backstory is given on any characters besides what is being viewed on-screen in the moment.""Dunkirk"" is also a very interesting sort of war movie in that it has almost no distinguishable ""message"" to it. It takes the event of the Dunkirk evacuation (one which must resonate deeply with Nolan, an Englishman himself) and portrays it via a visual medium. This is the furthest thing from a propaganda war picture. and also contains none of the overt violence of, say, ""Saving Private Ryan"". One almost has to re-train oneself to watch/appreciate a war movie like this one, since most of war cinema is more blustery and chest-pounding.For me, then, the 7-star rating comes because I so enjoy character-driven films (or ones that feature intriguing narratives) that this one set me aback a bit. I wasn't expecting this approach. Perhaps it will grow on me as I learn to appreciate the subtleties to Nolan's craft, but for now I'll peg it at a ""solid 7"".That being said, there is no doubt that ""Dunkirk"" is an excellent film for what Christopher Nolan set out to accomplish with it. It features perhaps the best cinematography one will ever see on the big screen, and it is never ""boring"", in the sense that something interest is always happening on-screen (even despite, or perhaps because of, the lack of dialogue or character-building).While ""Dunkirk"" certainly will fall short when compared to Nolan's other more epic, sprawling masterpieces, it never was meant to be looked at in that way in the first place. This is Nolan taking a bit of a step back (at least in terms of writing) to expertly direct/craft a passion project. Viewed from that perspective, there is still much to enjoy and appreciate. I would highly recommend (almost command!) one to see this film in the IMAX format, as the video and sound are such important components of the overall experience."
99,"Christopher Nolan's DUNKIRK is a flawed masterpiece, an often eye-poping and exhilarating cinematic experience let down by a few problems with the writing. The structure is very clever, although not quite as clever as that of INCEPTION; three separate story strands are explored as the (surprisingly short) running time progresses, best described as on land, on sea, and in the air. Each strand occupies a different length of time but all interact in a satisfying way. Each feels like a separate film. The aerial combat sequences, featuring Tom Hardy, are undoubtedly DUNKIRK's highlight and often quite stunning; you've never seen scenes like this before and they totally convince. I felt like Nolan should make his next film a Biggles adaptation on the strength of them. The sea sequences play out like a thriller and are also authentic and finally acted, with Mark Rylance delivering another great turn after BRIDGE OF SPIES. There' s no faulting them. Surprisingly, it's the land-focused soldier scenes which see Nolan slip up. The soldier protagonists are presented in the worst light, as cowards who spend their time skulking around, spying on Kenneth Branagh, and then essentially deserting their regiments to hole up in an abandoned ship. I found it ludicrous that the soldiers wouldn't bother setting up a sentry or two in the sand dunes at this point, and their stupidity leads to the expected death and chaos. These aren't huge problems, but I expected more from Nolan. The rest of the film is still masterful, however, and well worth rewatching to see brilliance you won't find elsewhere."
100,"Christopher Nolan is a visual genius: this film is just stunning to look at. From the bullets flying near soldier's head to gorgeous explosions, it transports you right into the war zone within the first 10 minutes of the screening. Furthermore, it is an accurate description of the ""Miracle of Dunkirk"". This is where the movie nails it. However, apart from that, I've had a couple of issues with it.The film is told from three perspectives: Air, Mole and Sea. This is where the movie falls a bit short. The editing at some points feels lazy and not very consistent: it cuts from a dramatic scene or intense action scene very quickly. The film is told in a non-linear way: this makes us watch certain scenes twice through different perspectives. Although this could've been done in a very interesting way, it's very difficult to keep track of whose perspective we're watching at times. Even when certain semi-important (I'll get back to this later) soldiers die, it took me a while to realise this happened.This is where my third and final problem come into question: the characters lack depth. You don't care about the main character, nor any of the other soldiers that are dying. If I'm watching a film about war, I like to bond with the characters I'm seeing on screen. If none of them show any real emotion, the viewer won't as well.All in all, Dunkirk could've been amazing. I personally don't understand why it has such a high rating besides being directed by a very well-known director / starring famous actors (including infamous Harry Styles) / being a war biography. Disappointing."
101,"This movie is so paper thin I really can't write much about it. So many missed opportunities in a film about one of the most spectacular and complex battles of WWII. I can see what Nolan tried to do here, a kind of British ""Thin Red Line"" (there's even wind in the grass, lol, i kid you not), but he failed spectacularly. There are no memorable characters to be found here, and one wonders even if there are any actual characters at all. Not one, not one of them has any semblance of a character arc. Not one. Again, I see how Nolan tried to convey the impersonality of war and insignificance of the individual but he did it with such a heavy, clumsy hand, providing us with no counterpoint with which to drive the point home. It's basic screen writing stuff really. I'd expect such ineptitude from a first year film student but not from a supposed ""master of the craft"".But anyways, this could have been forgivable if the film was more about the event itself, but it fails at that too. After watching the film, you'd be given to believe that the Battle of Dunkirk was fought by three Spitfires (100 were lost over the beeches alone), 1 German heinkel, a couple of stukas, 2 destroyers or a dozen or so boats... Oh yes and maybe a few hundred men standing quietly on a beach, doing nothing except desperately trying to look morose and dejected in a faintly passive-aggressive way. It's ridiculous. We are talking about total and absolute chaos happening there, hundreds of thousands of rifles alone discarded on the beach, not to mention guns, artillery, trucks... Burning and sinking ships of all sizes all across the horizon, parts of beaches inaccessible from rotting corpses washing up with tides. This was actually way bigger than D-Day landings in terms of men and equipment stuffed in a very small patch of land. Half a million desperate men stuffed in a small town, bombarded incessantly and under constant attack from bombers. Where did all those people defecate, what did they eat ffs? I wanted to know that, really. That at least would have given some much needed humanity to the so-called-characters Nolan keeps yanking around like so much puppets. So many missed opportunities there...If Nolan wanted to do a tight little film about isolation and desperation of being on the loosing side of the war, he had plenty of other places and battles to choose from. Just ask around. Or if he simply had to insist on Dunkirk, then we should have seen this total chaos all around our protagonists, in the background at least - that would have served as a really powerful, so desperately needed counterpoint to the individual suffering and heroism.And this brings me to the final point. The movie is one tone only. A monotone repetition of sights and emotions we've seen and experienced before. No one cracks a joke. No one really breaks down. No one has an embarrassing moment. There are no ups and downs, it's just some morose faceless robots performing obvious actions leading towards a bleedingly obvious goal. One single emotional and narrative tone from the beginning to the end. The entire emotional and narrative content of the movie would have fit snugly into a 20 minute short, and that is pretty much how long it takes before you start yawning. The best thing that can be said about the movie is that individual scenes are well directed and worth experiencing. But that is the real problem here - the film is constructed as a series of impressive ""experiences"" rather than cohesive piece of drama (And this particular historical event is almost uniquely stuffed with dramatic opportunities. It's almost as if golden-age Hollywood writers wrote the script for the actual event.) In other words, it's a Dunkirk theme park rather than a movie. You take rides. And that's it. And even those become repetitive after a while."
102,"I would concur with many that the film was overhyped. Nevertheless, to give something as breathtaking in its cinematic efforts a one or two is ridiculous. I guess people who are into war film are not unlike the fanboys in the Marvel world. This is an intense film. I'll admit that if I had to depend on it to explain the actual events of the Dunkirk rescue, I would say it was lacking. It's no ""Tora Tora Tora"" or ""The Longest Day"" which depict the breadth of the subject of war. It focuses more on fragile individuals who are more realistic. One reviewer referred to two of the men as cowards, doing whatever they could to stay alive. As if those who were trapped by the Germans wouldn't do whatever they could to stay alive. Yes, there is a bit of tackiness. These are fictional characters. There's lots of heroism to go around. There is cowardice. This is war and war is not desirable. Still, with a big picture attempt it would have been much better."
103,"Director Christopher Nolan offers the viewer a pretty straightforward re-telling of the evacuation of British soldiers from the French port of Dunkirk in May of 1940, as the Germans encircled the town. The story is told from a strictly British perspective. Although we see some German planes involved in battles with RAF fighters as far as I can recall there isn't a single glimpse of a German soldier anywhere. Nolan then tells the story from three perspectives within that British perspective: on the land, on the sea and in the air. The land focuses on the solders awaiting rescue, the sea focuses mostly on the small private boats that made such a huge contribution to the effort (focusing on one boat in particular) and the air focuses on the battle by a small number of RAF pilots to protect their compatriots beneath against German planes. That structure was a bit confusing at first (especially as it was captioned on screen) but the story makes sense and that odd narrative structure is only a brief distraction.There's not really a main character involved in this. The point seems to have been to portray the breadth of the Dunkirk evacuation at the expense of character depth. There's also no one moment that seems truly central, which means that the movie strikes you in the end of not really having built up to anything (aside from the actual evacuation, which admittedly is the most important thing.) But in some respects that made this movie seem at times less of a drama and more of a docu-drama if that makes any sense. The story-telling was a little bit lacking. I did appreciate that while the heroism of the British soldiers was front and centre, there was no shying away from a few more negative portrayals - shell-shocked soldiers, soldiers who just didn't want to fight anymore, soldiers who wouldn't even help their French allies. In that sense, this had a somewhat gritty feel, as befits a war movie.It's not a bad movie. To me, it just missed the mark a little bit in terms of what I was expecting. (6/10)"
104,"After many great reviews I decided I would go and watch this on the big screen for the atmosphere and in that at lease I have to say it was great. But and it is a big but, for a story I left feeling let down. This is no saving private Ryan or stunning epic as the critics would suggest. I am no history buff and I am from the other side of the world but even I know the story of Dunkirk and this just didn't live up the epic nature of the true story. The characters don't do the story justice, the timelines are blurred and the epic nature is missing. There are some great visual scenes and a few uplifting moments but it just didn't feel tied together.My rating is probably a bit harsh but I just don't rate this a one of the great efforts of story telling. If you didn't know anything of the actual events at Dunkirk this would leave you having missed the epic nature of what was achieved with 700 private boats over 8 days back in 1940."
105,"I cannot tell you how disappointed I was with this film, being a fan of about everything Christopher Nolan does.There were 2 ways the story of Dunkirk could be told: 1.An epic which showed broadly the scale of the operation, the death toll and the effect on the war.2. Follow a group of characters and experience the story through their eyes as they go through it all.It attempts the latter and falls short in a big way. Paper thin characters across the board left me completely disinterested in the story. Even Tom Hardy failed to evoke an emotion. What were his character traits? I couldn't name one except the obvious bravery.The effects are seamless, I will give it that, but the quantities of everything are somewhat baffling. I think I saw less than 10 aircraft in the whole movie, yet dive bombing is largely the focus of the film. Did they run out of budget?I think I watched a different film to the other reviewers."
106,"Twenty excellent movies could have been made about Dunkirk in WWII. This movie, however, is not excellent; it's not even very good. Two major reasons why: (1) For the important roles of British soldiers, men who in reality fought their way out of France, sacrificing many in combat and enduring tremendous privation, injury, terror, and hardship, the director chose to focus on soldiers who think only of their own survival--certainly there were some men like that in WWII, but it is simply a waste of wonderful and compelling raw material to produce this movie out of all the possible scenarios the director could have chosen.(2) This movie skimped terribly on sets. It was embarrassing to watch a few hundred men on the beach, one or two Royal Navy ships in the water, two British planes in the air, and a handful of civilian boats. This movie does not give an accurate picture of the beaches or the mole.This movie simply does not do justice to the hell on earth that was Dunkirk. I have to wonder why they bothered. I had looked forward to this movie and was very disappointed."
107,"In 1990 I attended the 50th anniversary celebration of the event.We were fortunate to have veterans in our group who had been at Dunkirk.We went onto the beach and they recounted their experiences.None of them would appear to be similar to those shown in the film.I have to say that till I read some of the reviews that I realised that the action is non linear and some is repeated.Maybe that explains why the Spitfires kept on firing when in fact they only had 9 seconds worth of ammunition.In any event there were few RAD planes at Dunkirk as they were being withdrawn to England.Then we have the small boats.It seems to have been overlooked that they were originally sent over to ferry troops from shore to navy ships.It was only later in the evacuation that the boats ferried troops back direct to England.No French troops are shown on the beaches.In conclusion the film is overblown,noisy and inaccurate.So loud I had to take my hearing aids out of my ears. Watch the 1959 film instead of this."
108,"As the daughter of a man who fought in WW2, together with all other male relatives in our family, I was anxious to see this film which should have been both an emotional and educational experience. Sadly for us it was a disappointment and left us wondering exactly why the film is called ""Dunkirk"".There are good performances and some emotional scenes, particularly at the beginning of the film. But the time line was so confusing and the beach was so empty considering that there were well over 300,000 men awaiting evacuation. And where were the 800+ small boats which sailed back and forward over a period of 8 days and, together with the larger British destroyers and merchant ships, saved almost 340,000 soldiers. We saw endless air battles which were beautifully filmed but weren't exciting or effective.Finally the music - Hans Zimmer is a wonderful composer of film music and his creation for this film was effective. But why so loud and so much? It was almost impossible to hear some of the text and I'm astonished that a director of the caliber of Nolan thought that this would add to the tension. Sometimes silence says far more than the constant background of very loud music.I presume that many of these things won't bother a younger audience but I believe that the story of Dunkirk deserved to be more accurate. The most annoying thing was the fact that in the brief introduction to the film, where there is an explanation as to the situation of the trapped soldiers, the enemy surrounding the soldiers is not named - they are just 'the enemy'. What happened to naming them as the German Army or the Nazi Army?"
109,"I had very high expectations for Christopher Nolan's latest offering as I'm a big fan of his previous work but Dunkirk is the first of his films I really don't care for. For pros I would say the cinematography, sound mixing and soundtrack are excellent but Dunkirk was missing the most important elements for any film; Characters and a story!!I was blown away by the opening scene and thought this would be another masterstroke by Nolan but there are so many problems with it. Apart from the lack of any interesting characters, the script feels so aimless at times and while watching the film I felt like someone was constantly pressing stop and rewinding. I also had a problem with the dialogue. The lines between the characters were very rigid and did not move the plot along. There was very little emotion in Dunkirk and while I did like the soundtrack I thought too much emphasis was placed on trying to convey tension through the music, be it the ticking of the clock or harsh synths building to a crescendo in the background. The strangest thing and most disappointing was that the film feels like it is building to something bigger the whole time like a grand finale but it never arrived. I had no problem with the fact that the story was non-linear but it doesn't matter what pattern the story is laid out in if there are no people at the centre of the story. I really don't understand how the ratings are so high so far because it doesn't deserve the plaudits it's receiving. I expect the rave reviews to continue as film critics don't seem to be able to judge a film for themselves these days.Very disappointed."
110,"Some spectacular scenes but overall sloppy and at times annoyingduring the Dunkirk battle , RAF LOST about 90 planes and the Germans almost 400. The movie showed only Tom Hardy (and briefly 2 of his mates) taking out 10 or so German planes 800 civilian boats helped evacuate Dunkirk . We saw at most 30 close on 400,000 soldiers were evacuated. Where were they in the movie ? All we had was a couple of hundred either lining up on the beach or ducking for cover from the occasional (previously mentioned 10) German planes -other than opening scene , NO land battles. In reality , Dunkirk town was bombed by Germans with 1000 civilian casualties Tom Hardy runs out of fuel yet not only glides for ages but even manages to shoot another plane down !what was the point in casting Tom Hardy? Could hardly hear him behind his mask which he only took off at the end annoying ""music"" - continual frantic violin with occasional accompanying crashing of drums and other instruments ONE redeeming feature - no unnecessary romance !!"
111,"Nolan's craftsmanship is outstanding. However, movie lacks captivating story and connection with characters. There are only few moments. Other wise, it just seemed like most expensive reenactment for documentary movie. It certainly wasn't what I am looking in fictional movies (you all do understand that this was fiction? Based on true story, yet fictional. Dunkirk happened, yet not like in this movie. It was a lot more messier and bloodier. In the end this seemed like big budget fan film for one WW2 battle). Tom Hardy's performance was very Bane-ish (after watching the movie you'll know what I mean), so if he wasn't pushed on by studio, just because movie needed big name to be in this big budget movie, then Nolan made mistake by casting him. Would be better with someone with no name (at least no name at the moment). Must admit that even I didn't like movie story wise, I admired cinematography. All shots and effects were outstanding, I wish there would be more movies like this every year. It was so nice to enjoy those practical effects. If there was CGI (there definitely was CGI in the movie), it wasn't obvious. Overall, movie felt original and fresh. It was great attempt from Nolan. Can't wait for his next movie."
112,"The film is about an unacknowledged story of WW2 where 400000 men, on a beach, were struggling to survive. Movie shows that despite large in number but still helpless to fight, 300000 soldiers were rescued off the beach by civilians. And instead of getting booed for their cowardliness, they were respectfully welcomed in their homeland. Basically showing a fresh perspective on war that sometimes survival is also a victory. The moment you walk out of theater, you will forget the film. No strong characters, unnecessary time line shifts to show a straightforward story made me loose interest in the film. IT IS JUST AN ORDINARY FILM. What could've made it interesting? A focus on how the French sacrificed a lot as an allied force knowing that only 30,000 can survive and British were the first preference. A focus on why only 30,000 soldiers could be saved. This is an interesting one. The water at the beach was very shallow and only one ship could sail ashore at a time during high tide (every six hours or so). A proper background of the events that led to 4000000 soldiers stranded on the beach. It was one of the most clever plan by Germans to make them helpless. Leaflets were thrown (start of the film) asking the french to look at the map. They are surrounded by German army on the front and ocean on the back. There is no way but surrender. However the french saw the shallow ocean as an opportunity to escape ad survive. All these details are missing."
113,"Firstly, i want to say i enjoyed the film, nothing amazing like the critics and Christopher Nolan fans have made out but i think he achieved what he set out to do, with all the parameters he set himself regards to the differences with actual Dunkirk history and the filmmaking style he wanted to use.It certainly isn't one of the greatest war films ever made, far from it but it is a decent experiment in filmmaking, if your into that kind of thing.Me and my friend both thought it was like a good film you watch at home on a Sunday afternoon. And having watched it on the big screen i would say that thats the best way to fully enjoy it too, at home, which i would rather have seen it at. You'll understand when you see it, its just one of those films.If you watch this in Imax like i did, make sure you take a tissue because the sound becomes unbearably loud after a little while and you may need to plug your ears up, especially when the aircraft segments start and with the bigger explosions abit later on. Even with tissues in ears its pretty loud too but its nicely bearable.So if you do go and watch it at the cinema then i wholeheartedly recommend watching it in the standard 2D screens, mainly because of the unbearably loud volume and bassy sounds in Imax, mixed with the other film soundtrack noises makes everything sound muffled. And also because it isn't such the big visual spectacle as they've lead us to believe. Nolans previous films and those of say Ridley Scott or Peter Jackson have given more scope and reason to watch their films in an Imax screen.Overall though, i found the film enjoyable, JUST above average. It plods along nicely for a 95 minute feature, with 10 minutes of end credits also. There isn't a dull moment in this from my perspective. Nolan does make you feel sorry for the characters he wants you to feel sorry for, but for a war film it isn't a greatly emotional one. I don't understand why its been given such high ratings as the visuals, sound, story, character development and overall feel don't warrant such grand praise. I can understand why half the audience have really disliked it for the above reasons also, as there was no storyline and there's barely a character for the audience to attach themselves to. Plus there's a lot of difference in regards to the sheer numbers of aircraft's, boats and people not present here. I did feel the grandness of the peril these boys were actually in really missing because of this scaling down from Nolan, which was his conscious choice to leave out. I have to admit that adding CGI here and there really would have given this moment of history a more realistic vision of it's devastating scale.I expected to see really amazing choreographed air combat sequences too but they were just OK, they did the job but nothing spectacular or exciting. There have been way better and breathtaking aircraft combat scenes from most other films, war or sci-fi!If you didn't know Christopher Nolan's intentions in his film as i've briefly alluded to above and are expecting to see an epic masterpiece of a war movie in the vein of films by directors like Stanley Kubrick, Michael Cimino, Brian De Palma, Oliver Stone, Ridley Scott, Francis Ford Coppola, Steven Spielberg or Mel Gibson, where the visuals mesh breathtakingly with story, characters and emotions then you may be disappointed with Dunkirk. Dunkirk feels more like a brief and confined moment of an evacuation, with small scale pockets of peril at its heart, and knowing that will help you appreciate this better, hopefully, but by how much i don't know, for me its a 6/10, just above average.It's definitely not on the scale the critics and fanboys have sold it on, for a general audience! Even though i enjoyed it i still don't see how such high ratings are being thrown at this. And its a shame the film doesn't convey the epic grand scale feeling of terror that history has told us."
114,"In a scene, Tom hardy saves thousands of lives by making a fighter plane go down to ashes. But the scene had no impact on me as an audience. This is in fact the problem with this aesthetically perfect movie. We do not feel for the soldiers at any point of time. Hans Zimmer's soundtrack is overused to such an extent that the focus goes to the music score instead of the visuals. Dunkirk could have done so any things right just by having a higher run-time. In 100 odd minutes, the movie just, don't move us. It had all the perfect components for a movie that would remain in our hearts for times to come, but getting out of the cinema hall, only the burger I had in between remained with me. Not the best Nolan film Not the best war film Not even the best film of the year"
115,"I've now spoken with 4 other people who saw this movie and all of them felt the same way. I know how much of a darling Christopher Nolan is to the film critics. That said, without going into a long detailed account of this movie I'll just say this.This is a movie that could have been a great movie but wasn't. At the end of this movie you will not remember one character's name. (It's hard to remember what you never knew to begin with.) You will not know how many civilian boats came to the rescue of the trapped soldiers. You will not know how many civilians lost their lives trying to save the soldiers. You will not really know why or how the trapped soldiers ended up on the beach to begin with. You basically will have seen a few action scenes that take place on or near the beach at Dunkirk. That's it. REALLY! No story was told. No emotions get stirred or are touched.It would have been better if they had included information prior to the end credits. It would have helped if they had shown actual photos or video from the actual rescue, maybe include real survivors ... and on and on.Another frustration was the difficulty understanding the limited amount of dialogue, due to the never ending loud music. At the beginning I was wishing for subtitles. Then I realized that whatever they were saying was inconsequential. If this movie had been silent, I'd have left feeling the same way.This is a shallow, visually entertaining snippet of what could have been a good movie. Whereas with Quenton Tarantino, you wish his films were edited to remove an hour from them, with this movie it's just the opposite. You wish the director had told the story of Dunkirk rather than show a few action scenes of what it might have been like to have been there."
116,"Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk was heralded everywhere as his greatest achievement yet, so you can imagine as a big fan of his i was excited to see it.Well, that excitement turned to disappointment very fastThe first 30 minutes are very impressive, the camera-work, the direction, the pacing are fantastic, the film has the best ship sinking scene filmed since titanic, the air battles are also exceptionally well filmed, and are way more subtle and realistic than most films.The problems however stem from two different, but very important things.first of all, the film has no characters, none of them are developed at all, we don't have a protagonist to root for really, all the actors are just used as props for the big battle scenes without any personality or investment.i feel like Nolan was so happy with how well he story-boarded his big scenes that he only realized he forgot to write actual characters in the movie when the cameras were already rolling, which is really confusing to me, because Nolan used to be one of those directors who prioritized characters over the plot in most of his movies, sometimes even to their detriment (like the dark knight rises).but this was just a big spectacle with zero personal investment, granted the sequences themselves were exceptionally well executed and filmed so kudos to Nolan for that, he really took it to the next level, but if we're not invested then no matter how well it's done we wont care, so the movie unfortunately became boring very quickly, which wasn't helped by the other big problem.The movie becomes very repetitive. We see an amazing ship sinking sequence, with mouths wide open, but then the next big sequence is another ship sinking, and then another, and then another, the same with the plane fight sequences, they just did the same thing over and over, and since we weren't invested to begin with, it became even more boring.So the movie was ultimately an exercise in futility, Christopher Nolan wasted one of his best directorial achievements on a movie with his worst writing one. Resulting in an impersonal, albeit impressive film, that lacks heart and character."
117,"Hard to understand the hype attached to this movie. As usual Director Christopher Nolan's penchant for the non-linear method of direction makes the usual shambles of the story line. Given the promotion for this movie I expected more and waited, unrewarded unfortunately, for the seminal moment that would lift the movie above the average to the epic magnitude of the actual event. The movie lacked .... scale. For example the RAF lost well over 100 aircraft during the evacuation but Nolon would have you believe only 3 RAF aircraft showed up. The Germans also lost well over 100 aircraft, some say closer to 200+. Same with the loss of equipment. Left on the beach at Dunkirk were enough weapons and equipment to equip 8-10 Divisions, and included 800+ field guns, 500 anti-aircraft guns, tanks, trucks etc etc None of that scale was represented. In fact the long lines of troops waiting on the beach in the opening scenes soon disappeared and the beaches were left empty in many scenes long before the movie reached its peak. The Seminal Moment in the actual event was that some 700+ small boats left England to help rescue the stranded troops. Nolan managed a ""fleet"" of about 10 or 12. Again, no sense of scale. Many are claiming this is one of the best war films ever. I don't think so. I felt short changed to be honest because it lacked the scale of, for argument sake, the opening scenes from Saving Private Ryan."
118,"Just watched the movie on 70mm film and the image quality was exceptional. For the most part it was an enjoyable and entertaining history film about survival during war. It had some great suspense and thriller elements to it. In fact some of the sequences were very Hitchcockian in nature that they reminded me of Hitchcock's Foreign Correspondent. If i had to categorize this movie i would say it's an Action-Thriller that takes place during war.My first problem was the Sound & Music. Both were too loud, annoying, distracting, and monotonous that several people got up and left. I almost did. It's the same problem that the dark knight rises suffered from. They mixed the sound so high to make the action and explosions appear grand but it fails since the visuals don't work. There's only one director who can direct great action and explosions and make it look grand and epic that i almost believe its a work of art, which in a way it is. That director is none other than Michael ""Bad Boys"" Bay.Second problem i had with the movie was too many cuts to secondary characters that i didn't care about. Not to mention i barely cared about any of them since I never got to know them. They should have stuck with just three stories: the pilot, the father and son, and the two soldiers trying to survive. Period. I don't care about the generals, random soldiers, or Cillian Murphy's character either.Third problem i had with the movie was it didn't have a grand scale or scope the way it was advertised. The film tries hard to want to be epic but fails. On the posters it states that over 400,000 men were trapped but in the movie i didn't see that at all. Honestly, it was more like 2,000, then there was like two planes in the sky and a half a dozen boats. Really? That's what you called grand? If you enjoy a historical Action-Thriller that's full of suspense then definitely check it out. Bring some ear plugs if you can."
119,"In Mrs Miniver the film had a propaganda even jingoistic elements that inhabited its story and characters.Dunkirk is a technical masterpiece but the story lacks an emotional core despite having excellent actors such as Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh and Mark Rylance. At one point I thought where is Hardy?The film is set in a nonlinear fashion and unlike Saving Private Ryan, director Christopher Nolan has eschewed blood and gore.Set in 1940 thousands of Allied soldiers have retreated to Dunkirk waiting to be picked up and sailed back to Britain. We focus on Tommy, a young soldier who has survived a German ambush. He meets another young soldier called Gibson on the beach, who is burying a dead body and says little. They try to make their way onto a ship by acting as stretcher bearers and taking a wounded man aboard a hospital ship. We see these two young men just wanting to survive and each time they meet with some unforeseen event.Dunkirk shows the evacuation from land, sea, and air. Rylance plays a small boat fisherman who along with his son and another young boy are sailing to Dunkirk to pick up survivors. They have already picked one up along the way who is heavily shell shocked. Yet his story is hampered by an appalling side plot of a young man injured and wanting his old school to know that he did something important.As the film has little dialogue, Nolan wants to create atmosphere and suspense through its visuals and music. In that sense it only partly succeeds because the film lacks dramatic impact."
120,"In this movie, you are a fly on the wall watching scenarios from various soldiers and civilians during the battle of Dunkirk. You don't get to know the characters therefore care very little of what will happened to them. It's portrayed quite realistically. The flight sequences are the best one, but they are not long sadly and quite far in between. Everything looks authentic. Could not tell where it was used CGI. Recommended to war buffs and history freaks. If you want an exciting and good story, look elsewhere."
121,"This was one of the biggest movie buildups of the summer. Before I went to see it I was picturing a Dunkirk version of Saving Private Ryan with realistic war scenes around a set of characters that you got to know and care about, and followed them through some type of struggle.If you separated each scene from the movie they were visually fantastic. But, when you put them all together you still had only a series of great looking clips, not an engaging movie. The lead characters were virtually indistinguishable from the other 400,000 soldiers. You never got to know them as individuals, so it had no impact when something happened to them. Nothing was ever explained, so if you don't know the historical context you still won't know the significance of the event, or even what really happened after you see this movie.I've seen much more interesting and clear documentaries on TV. If you are going to this movie expecting it to be the next big thing, you will likely be disappointed."
122,"The best war films have one major thing in common: they focus on the people rather than the events. If you shuttle us from one event to another without focusing on the people, then the attempt is hollow and shallow. Unfortunately, this is the type of film that Nolan gives us. He moves us from one area with hardly any characterization at all. So why should we be emotionally vested? I had my doubts as well when this movie was given a PG-13 rating. The best war films of the past forty years or so have all be R-rated films. Storytellers and filmmakers know not to hold back on the horrors of war. Veterans of Dunkirk speak of how it was like being in hell. We don't feel that nearly poignantly enough. Dunkirk was an event that saw over 800 ships involved in the rescue as well as several hundred British aircraft (not the lone three that we see in the film), of which approximately 177 were lost. Furthermore, the combined efforts of the British/French troops holding off the Germans in the various towns isn't even addressed except for a couple of minutes during the opening scenes. Dunkirk should have been a 3-hour film, encompassing the entire theater that was Dunkirk, with focus on characters in various places to give us the sense of the desperation of what the Battle of Dunkirk was all about. Instead, Nolan chooses to only focus on small aspects of the battle without giving us much substance at all.The pulsing music ultimately fails as well, utilizing a similar style as the one used to introduce the Joker in Dark Knight. Except, instead of using it for ten minutes to increase the intensity, it's used throughout the entire film! Ultimately, because of its overuse, the music loses its power and effectiveness and ends up becoming just annoying. Despite its glaring flaws, the cinematography is very well done. The air combat scenes were impressive, as three planes do their best to protect the boats and ships attempting the rescue. Historically, 243 ships were sunk. A prime opportunity should have been utilized to really get a feel for these civilians trying desperately to cross the channel. Instead, we get a wasted effort.I could easily list over twenty war films that are far superior to Dunkirk. And given that it was one of the pivotal events of World War II, it should have been given the respect that its veterans deserve. The movie lacks cohesiveness as well as emotion. Nolan should refrain from doing another war film. Not only did he fail to utilize characters as the focal points, he failed historically as well, which is nearly a crime in and of itself."
123,"As other reviews here describe in great depth, Nolan has successfully implemented the best of visuals and sound effects. However, the hype created by trailers falls pretty short of describing a genuinely intense and desperate evacuation that took place during the whole battle.At first, the trailers looked as if the Commonwealth Army fought a desperate retreat to 'home'; however, what we see are repetitive scenes that of a handful of Stuka divers getting destroyed by a group of just three RAF fighters, only one of which keeps on the skies while the other two survive on the same escape boat.Its not the setting or the diversion of the director's traditional way of telling one of history's most important events as an all out war (like what one could remember from The Enemy at the Gates or Saving Private Ryan), but the lack of depth in showing the true nature of that hasty evacuation that took place when news had spread that German forces from all sides would be surrounding the allied landing within hours. What we see instead is anonymous soldiers simply changing boats from ships and vice versa, and finally reach 'home sweet home' without really showing much of the real blood that was spilled in order to protect those who were to be evacuated. So, although the movie launches off nicely, it goes monotone within 45 minutes.I wish Nolan had shown the French lines that there were holding their ground from the Germans and relate all that with the evacuation that was taking place. Its just too plain."
124,"Saw it this weekend and thought it clever and well done but ultimately uninvolving despite the high level of tension it keeps up. I think it was overpraised by critics who admire Nolan as a technician, and I'd give it no more than a 6/10. It was interesting to see how Nolan converged the three time lines on a single point, but the dynamic in each timeline was very different. The one hour RAF timeline with Tom Hardy was pure action. Hardy's character makes two moral decisions, one quite unexpected, but you have to pay close attention to see them. Since I get chills whenever I see footage of a Spitfire, which Mark Rylance's character rightly calls the most beautiful airplane ever built, I was fully involved, but this action sequence didn't have the weight to carry one third of the movie. See Messerschmitt, dodge Messerschmitt, shoot Messerschmitt, da capo al fine.The most conventional segment, with the most character realization, was the one day timeline with Mark Rylance as a civilian pleasure boat owner displaying middle class stiff upper lip. His reasons aren't fully disclosed until the end, and there's a coda that, in the light of hindsight, gives you the difference between what happened and how it was reported and passed into memory. More I can't disclose without a spoiler.The one week timeline involving the troops on the beach is a failure. There simply wasn't enough social interaction among the men for the audience to relate to them as individuals or to their experience. Inarticulate fear will only take you so far, and that's all Nolan had to offer with the squaddies. It would have been more effective if ""Tommy,"" whose name we never hear, were part of a small unit instead of a lone straggler-fugitive trying to attach himself to others. Then there might have been some grumbling, some mordant humor, some defeatism, or some other character developing conversation among people who already knew and trusted one another. Not here. Kenneth Branagh's character was a very heavy-handed Basil Exposition and nothing more. Nolan uses him to give a data dump and then ignores him till the next data dump is needed to orient the audience.Apparently Nolan finds the prospect of drowning while trapped under water to be particularly horrifying. He returns to that situation several times, in different settings and from different viewpoints. This contrasts with the complete absence of realistic wounds from the bombing; in that respect, the picture is as sanitized as a 1950s war movie. There are a few good throwaway lines. One that sticks in the mind is that as Tommy makes his way through a French barricade towards the beach, one of the French soldiers mordantly wishes him bon voyage."
125,"I was very disappointed with this movie. I have liked previous Nolan movies but this one left me feeling cheated that I had spent that much money to see it. It was boring and unrealistic.One scene had a ship getting hit with a bomb and immediately rolling on it's side then remaining afloat.At the end a plane runs out of fuel and seemingly defies the laws of physics by gliding forever and ever shooting down a plane before landing on the beach. They kept showing shots of the beach with lines of soldiers that nowhere approximated over 400,000 soldiers. Same with the amount of ships and boats and planes. The hype of this being one of the best war movies ever had me expecting something special. Instead it had me sitting there wondering when the fantastic movie was going to start. I waited in vain. Instead I left the show with a headache from the noise bombardment from the soundtrack.My biggest sense of wonder was that they had spent that much money making it. I wanted to like this movie but it never happened for me."
126,"Given the outright gushing of critics in praising this film, I was quite surprised to discover Dunkirk to be not only not deserving of such praise, but even worse, to be a cacophony of minimalist nonsense, topped off by one of the most ridiculous film climaxes in recent memory (more on that later). ""Possibly the best war film of all time?"" Not quite, I could name dozens better. In fact I struggle to think of many that are worse than this. My goodness, where to begin...First I do not understand where the $150 million budget was spent. The actual story of the Dunkirk evacuation involved - literally - hundreds of thousands of men, and hundreds of boats and planes. In this film, we see....a few hundred men? 30 boats? Something like six planes? Where is the grand scale that a story like Dunkirk deserves, or really, demands? There was no grand scale. That is a heinous omission and oversight and ultimately fails to tell the story of Dunkirk as it should be told. And if you don't want to use CGI to achieve that scale, that's fine, but then either expand the real numbers of extras and props so it replicates what Dunkirk was actually like, or, don't do the film. A few soldiers standing around on the beach looks incredibly silly when the characters say on more than one occasion that there are over 300,000 men there. Where are they? We never saw them. Ludicrous.Similarly, we see a few boats here and there, and a few planes. This does not come close to approximating the flotilla of ships, boats and other watercraft used - in reality over 800. It's hard to appreciate what a tremendous achievement the Dunkirk evacuation was - ultimately, the aim of this film I suspect - when we never actually see that achievement occur. We see a few boats and few planes. Literally a drop in the bucket of what Dunkirk was. Yet at the conclusion, as the men are disembarking, back safe in England, we are supposed to be swept up in a swelling feeling of appreciation for something that we never actually witness. Very bizarre.The soundtrack, if you can call it that, was an escalating collection of random and intrusive blaring instruments that can be best described as 'noise.' I have no idea what the goal was there. Perhaps it was an attempt to convey what one might feel, the intense experience one might have, if he or she was in a war-time situation like this. Perhaps. A professional critic called it 'bombastic' and that's probably being generous. I am not lying when I tell you I had to take an Advil when I got back from the theater, thanks to the crazily escalating noise that overwhelms the latter part of the film. Yikes.As for the climax, the scene of a Spitfire seemingly free of the laws of physics and gravity is bereft of all logic, and was such an eye-rolling piece of nonsense, no amount of criticism on my part can do it justice. Let's just say planes cannot keep flying indefinitely, much less maneuver and successfully engage other aircraft, when that plane has run out of fuel. The film deserves to be panned for this ridiculous scene alone.This is not a great war film, it's not even a good war film. It is not typical or traditional story-telling, I will give it that. There are stretches of this film that lack dialogue and there is zero character development. While different, that's hardly unique (it's been done before). Perhaps some critics haven't understood that 'different' does not automatically translate to 'good' or 'great' - sometimes, it does not.Put down the Kool-Aid. As my brother said to me when we walked out of the theater last night, ""Assuming I would like this, I thought I would go see this again over the weekend. Not only am I not doing that now, I won't even bother watching this once it's on cable or Netflix."" True that, bro. 5/10."
127,"As a WWII buff (listening to ""The Longest Day: Music From The Classic War Films"" as I type), I had expected to be first in line when this film came out but I hesitated after reading initial reviews. While extremely positive, many reviews commented on aspects of the film, from the non-linear narrative structure to the choice of characters focused on, that left me feeling that I would not enjoy the movie. I finally broke down and saw it because of its continued box office performance but found it as lackluster as I'd feared.Present-day WWII movies just don't hold a candle to the classics (All Quiet on the Western Front, The Longest Day, Bridge on the River Kwai, Patton, and my all-time favorite film, The Great Escape), nor even big-budget mediocre fare from relatively recent times like A Bridge Too Far or The Battle of Britain. There's way too much pretentious nonsense in modern war movies. Every filmmaker these days has to make a ""statement"" about the horrors of war, as if intelligent viewers weren't already aware of that fact. Therefore, instead of a good story with appealing and memorable characters we get one that focuses on ""the coward,"" because in the modern-day mindset, anyone who acts in war with dignity and courage and self-sacrifice is seen as unrealistic and somehow a dupe of the evil powers that be. None of those characters was remotely interesting or appealing and the time shifts were totally unnecessary. In addition, the omnipresent music was a total turn-off. There was never any chance to actually hear the real sounds of war, which includes silence and the banter of soldiers trying to make the best of a bad situation. All told, this is the most-overrated movie I've seen in years. Thank God I have the classics on VHS and DVD."
128,"I was expecting an epic film from all the hype and trailers. The number of evacuees didn't resemble the real images of the exodus that took place at Dunkirk. The numbers were thinned down for this film, maybe 10,000 heads compared to 390,000 missing from the screen. the film was purely smoke and mirrors when it came to the soundtrack, repetitive and leaving you expecting something was going to happen... I feel at utterly disappointed when it ended."
129,"The movie has so much potential in the first 10 minutes but then it falls apart. While Nolan is trying to decide if the movie wants to be Saving Private Ryan or another Memento, he forgets to build any characters or narrative that anyone can care about. What a shame given the cast he had at his hand. He was just unable to direct them or bring together anything redeeming or with any level of depth. Aside from the first 10 minutes, there are some beautiful cinematography. However, the scenes are shot on different days. One sunny and the other overcast. So the beautiful visuals are unable to sustain any type of mood across the length of the movie. At the end, it's clear the story was too ambitious for Nolan and he was just unable to put it together."
130,"Make no mistake, from a technical perspective Dunkirk is an absolute achievement in filmmaking. Shot in portion on IMAX and completely on film, it's a visually gorgeous movie with breathtaking cinematography of dogfights in the sky and battles at sea. The sound effects and mix are possibly the best I've ever heard in a film! The gunshots are and loud, frightening, and realistic and every scene with a plane closing in sounds as if it i flying right above the audience making for an all the more immersive experience. And as always, Hans Zimmer delivers another excellent and powerful score that is one of the best I've heard in a film in quite sometime.Yet, Dunkirk makes the same mistake that many technical and visually impressive films do, it forgets to give us any reason to care about what's going on within it's craft. Nolan has made a film that is strictly about the event that took place and has chosen to tell it in an unconventional non-linear structure with three different areas of the event taking course over the span of a week, day, and hour. By within a few minutes dropping us into all the chaos unfolding and not stating the structure aside from brief ""One week...etc."" cards in the very start, it takes a little bit of time to fully grasp the way the story is being unfolded and difficult to get into during the first act with things moving at such a quick pace . The biggest issue with Dunkirk though is that there is nothing to get invested in. I'm debating whether to even say this movie has any characters because none of them have any depth, personality, or background. This is a film where we are suppose to be rooting for the survival of these people, yet aren't given any reason to care about them other than the fact they are soldiers fighting the enemy. As the film progressed, I found myself not wanting to see where the actual story would progress, but instead hoping that there would be something else I could appreciate visually or technically to keep me from losing complete interest.Another big issue is that Nolan desperately wants this to be a grim and horrific portrayal of war. However, this is difficult to do when the film is restricted to the boundaries of a PG-13 rating. This is the perfect example of a film that needed an R rating to fully be effective in what it was trying to do. Take films such as Saving Private Ryan or the recent Hacksaw Ridge in which the battle scenes become borderline horror films due to not just their suspense, but brutality and graphicness. Not that Dunkirk needed to be a Gibson gorefest, but it's portrayal of war feels all too tame and can't deliver on the level of suspense that's built up in the scenes proceeding it.That isn't to say the film isn't without tense scenes, one in particular where soldiers are hiding in a ship that is being shot at for target practicing is particularly nerve-wrecking as well as the climax and the ending are also very well done. As for the acting, there isn't a bad performance here, but with little dialogue or much to do other than look frightened the cast isn't given a lot to work with to show off much. Tom Hardy's role could have been played by any other actor and it wouldn't have changed a thing which can be said for most of the cast here.For a film that has openly taken pride in how experimental, unique, and going against what is norm in Hollywood, Dunkirk ends up being exactly what Nolan has been criticizing. It's a complete exercise in spectacle that's trying to get a pass with it's unique style and filmmaking techniques to excuse it's lack of depth and emotional core. I can appreciate Nolan for taking a different approach to a war film and it certainly showcases his talent as a director, but just because it's different doesn't automatically make it good and without any real depth, characterization, or emotion only further provides evidence of his weakness as a writer. If the film had been trimmed down to 30-40 minutes and released as an IMAX feature it would have been much more impressive, but the film itself is an empty exercise in technical achievement that's in it's own way a new breed of cynical filmmaking."
131,"I'll start with the good. Nolan's refusal to use sets creates a wonderful atmosphere. I really felt like I was there on the beach with them, I felt the gloom and the cold and the mist and the enclosed spaces. The contrasting sunset on the sea with the catastrophe of war made me feel deeply for the humans who experienced this. I enjoyed the humanity in the beginning, the men searching for water and trying to poop anywhere possible. However, my red flag went up at the informative slides at the beginning. In one swift move, any chance of mystery and allure was crushed. Obviously this is a historical event so major spoilers aren't really possible. But, this isn't a documentary. Let the stories unfold. Give us information in text if necessary, but omit the end outcome. ""The men waited for a miracle.""Okay. So, we now know this movie is about them getting this miracle. Done. We already knew that. Don't tell us, show us. I personally am not a fan of the way Christopher Nolan directs. In this movie as well as Batman, the audience is left visually lost. There are no point of references, no connected images that help us make heads or tails of exactly what's happening. This movie is unnecessarily convoluted. It took me awhile to understand that we are cutting between three different time lines. This is a fantastic tactic, if done with intention. In Dunkirk, it was all just... kind of happening. The film manipulates you by using incredibly loud sounds, which didn't bother me at first because I felt like I was really there with them, but when the film showed itself to be lacking in other ways, I felt fooled by the cheap trick. I found a lot of the film to be simply inaudible. I dreaded the conversations between the commander and the colonel. For me it went ""blah blah blah, home"" ""blah blah blah, home"" ""blah blah blah, civilians"" At one point we even discovered that our stowaway friend was French. I thought it was more of an indiscernible English accent, but my French friend who I saw the movie with filled me in afterwards, and he only knew what happened because he speaks French. Is that a huge negative? Not necessarily. But it felt like I was being left out. There's two types of movies. There's a movie that takes you into it, effortlessly. It isn't something you are watching but something you are apart of. The other type of movie is one that you actively need to watch. You could take it or leave it. It doesn't command your attention. The main event of this movie was people getting off ships, people getting back on ships, people getting off ships, people getting back on ships. There was no through-line to look to for guidance. It didn't highlight the story of Dunkirk from any specific or interesting angle. Like I said before, it just kind of happened. The point of this movie is that it happened. Which, okay, that's fine. But, on top of that, key ingredients of the actual event were missing!The real event included French and Candian and Belgian troops all evacuating over a weeks time, with the small boats. It wasn't suddenly one easy trip the way this movie presents it to be. And while this was happening, British and French men had to stay behind and fight in order to let the others escape. In addition to that, we didn't once see a man on the other side, narrowing and dehumanizing this story. It's oddly convenient that everyone cheered with excitement when the small boats showed up, considering everyone who had gone out into the sea for the past week had been getting slaughtered. Seems less like real men experiencing this in real time, and more like a Hollywood director knowing the end of this story. This part, seemingly the main event of Dunkirk was completely glossed over. Seeing the civilians reach land, seeing the interactions between them and the soldiers, seeing the gratitude and stress and exhaustion is essential. And we got none of it. If your one goal in making a movie is to tell it how it is, at least tell it how it is."
132,"This movie is a snapshot glance at possible events during the evacuation of the allied troops at Dunkirk after the military disaster following the German invasion of France in 1940. I was pretty much bored throughout the first half of the movie and at various times thereafter. Although the historical significance of the events are captured to a limited degree, several of the fictional elements shown were actions of abject stupidity and left me stunned. #1: No hospital ships were sunk by German aircraft at Dunkirk. #2: The events in the beached trawler were so absurd I doubt any person could be so ignorant. Soldiers trying to plug 30-50 bullet holds in the hull with their fingers and then thinking that killing and throwing out a French soldier would make up for tons of continuous flooding. #3: The shooting down of the German bomber (an event that would have taken 30 second in real time) took 10 minutes in film time. I decided the Spitfire must have been flying at about 1 mile an hour. #4: The killing of the teenager had no significance and was a totally pointless plot device. #5 The out of fuel spitfire then made several impossible aerial maneuvers to shoot down a German plane flying 200 miles an hour faster than it was. The only truly heroic person in the movie was the civilian boat captain who managed to dodge his boat around a German fighter attack, a totally absurd scenario. I have never, however, seen anything that indicated German aircraft attacked any small civilian boats. All and all I can't express my disappointment with this movie. I don't think its terrible, but it is certainly not praise worthy."
133,"The words ""Christopher Nolan"" and ""disappointment"" are not words I would naturally associate but for me, they apply where ""Dunkirk"" is concerned. It promised so much from the trailer: a historical event of epic proportions; Kenneth Branagh; Tom Hardy; Mark Rylance; Hans Zimmer on the keys; the director of such classics as ""The Dark Knight""; ""Inception"" and ""Interstellar"" : what could go wrong? But it just doesn't work and I've spent the last 24 hours trying to unpick why.A key problem for me was the depiction of the beach itself. The film eschews CGI effects (which I would normally commend) in favour of the use of ""practical effects"" and the involvement of ""thousands of extras"" (as the rather glutinously positive Wiki entry declares). Unfortunately for the movie, there were some 400,000 troops marooned in this last patch of civilisation ahead of the Nazi hoard, and all of the shots refuse to acknowledge this scale of potential human tragedy. Yes, there are individual scenes of horror, such as the soldier walking into the sea against the impassive stares of the young heroes. But nothing of scale. At times I thought I'd seen more people on the beach on a winter's day in Bournemouth.My disquiet at this deepened when we got to the sharp end of the rescue by the ""small boats"". In my mind (and I'm NOT quite old enough to remember this!) I imagine a sea full of them. A sight to truly merit Branagh's awed gaze. But no. They might have been ""original"" vessels. but there was only about half a dozen of them. A mental vision dashed. The film attempts to tell the story from three perspectives: from the land; from the sea and from the air. The sea though gets the lion's share of the film, and there is much drowning that occurs that (I am aware) was distressing for some in the audience. Nolan also pushes his quirky ""timeline"" manipulation too far for an audience that largely expects a linear telling of a classic tale. It's day; it's night; the minesweeper's sailing; then sunk; then sailing again; a Spitfire crashes, then crashes again from a different perspective. I know many in the audience just didn't 'get' that: leaving them presumably very confused! That being said, the film is not a write off, and has its moments of brilliance. Kenneth Branagh (""Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit"", ""Valkyrie""), although having a range of Nolan's cheesy lines to say, is impressive as the commanding officer. Mark Rylance (""Bridge of Spies"", ""The BFG"") also shines as the captain of the ""Moonstone"": one of the small boats out of Weymouth. And Tom Hardy (""The Revenant"", ""Legend""), although having limited opportunity to act with anything other than his eyes, is impressive as RAF pilot Farrier. His final scene of stoic heroism is memorable. Fionn Whitehead is also impressive in his movie debut, and even Harry Styles (""This is Us"") equips himself well. The cinematography by Hoyte Van Hoytema (""Interstellar"") is stunning with some memorable shots: a burning plane on a beach being a high spot for me.And Hans Zimmer's score is Oscar-worthy, generating enormous tension with a reverberating score, albeit sometimes let down by unsuitable cutaways (for example, to scenes of boat loading). Elsewhere in the sound department though I had major issues, with a decent percentage of the dialogue being completely inaudible in the sound mix.I really wanted this to be a ""Battle of Britain"". Or a ""Bridge Too Far"". Or even a ""Saving Private Ryan"". Unfortunately, for me it was none of these, and this goes down as one of my movie disappointments of the year so far.(For the full graphical review, please visit bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks.)"
134,"Seriously boring. Zero story line. Maybe 4 bits that are worth a ""meh"". Looks great though. Subplots that lack depth. Why was One Direction in it? Save your money, go watch something better than a thing that fanboys give a 10 out of 10 for a movie that's worth a high 4. I honestly would've preferred sticking chopsticks into my eyes than sit through this. Unfortunately I didn't have any chopsticks in the cinema."
135,"This was a good try to be sure, but in truth I felt underwhelmed when I left the studio. The film is technically near perfect but it fails to show the true scale of the evacuation or the civilian and military fleet that pulled it off. Also it totally failed to show the heroic defense by the French who held the Germans back for those vital few days and allowed the British to escape.Early on Kenneth Branagh's character states that there are over 400.000 men on this beach yet we fail to see any more than 200 or so in any shot, the rest of the time the beach feels near deserted. Now I understand that hiring 400.000 extras for a film would be financially and logistically impossible yet without this kind of scale or even some clever CGI work this film feels like a few dozen guys running about on a beach being rescued by a handful of boats. Anyway, it was still a good try and the aerial dogfights with the Spitfires was magical, that alone made it almost worth watching, almost."
136,"This was one of the most disappointing movies I've ever seen. I LOVE historical and war movies, but this is not the case, Though it wasn't awful, i'd probably never watch it again. Pros: great story. Good acting. No cheese scenes. Period. Cons: Edition is terrible, very difficult to get along with (my sister got completely lostwith the non lineal timing). Characters are really underdeveloped. I didn't cared at all if they lived or not, because there was no plausible difference with non- main character soldiers. Music is quite annoying (sorry Hans) Staging SUCKS. There were 400.000 souls and 1000 civil boats in Dunkirk. But Nolan decided that 2000 soldiers and 20 boats were enough. WHERE THE HECK ARE THE OTHER 398000 SOLDIERS AND 980 BOATS MY DEAR CHRISTOPHER?!??!?!? A HUGE BUDGET JUST TO PAY FACELESS TOM HARDY? WELCOME TO CGI ERA!!!! YOU JUST HAVE TO DO COPY PASTE A COUPLE OF TIMES WITH YOUR ARMY! MY DEAR GOD IT REALLY GRINDS MY GEARS. Pause Breathe Happy place Where were we? Yes! Conclusions. The movie is just... good. Maybe the problem is that I was expecting a movie way more overwhelming. The movie is, all in all, inconsistent. Characters are shallow and you never get to understand the real dimension of the events. You just now how many people they saved because the paper says so. But if it was for Nolan's point of view, it's just a bunch of boats that saved a couple hundred soldiers. Really difficut to understand if you never read about Dunkirk before. As I have already said, the most disappointing movie I've ever seen."
137,"I have been so looking forward to this movie. Having studied the evacuation of Dunkirk, many years ago and also having been to visit the beaches and also the wartime tunnels at Dover where much of the planning was conceived, my expectations was that this would be a movie to rival all WW2 movies before it.However, all the way through the movies I felt like it was skimming the surface of what happened and never really got going at any point. I left deeply disappointed.The movie itself is telling the story of the evacuation from several different viewpoints which are timed in with each other. This I felt was a really good concept, to get the views of civilians trying to help, soldiers, fliers and officers alike. Where it falls down in my opinion is that the film is almost totally devoid of script. The characters involved only have a few lines throughout the entire movie. It is hard to find any type of connection to them as there is no story about them.But perhaps the biggest let down of them all is that there is literally zero mention of the epic planning, call to arms and execution of the Dunkirk evacuation. There is hardly any mention of Bertram Ramsey, the man responsible for the entire evacuation. This was the largest evacuation of troops in British military history. There were hundreds of private trawlers used, hundreds of aircraft, dozens of royal navy ships. This film failed to capture any of this and instead focused on a few individuals, but failed to give them a script.Honestly I feel that if you didn't know the story of Dunkirk, before you went and saw this, you would leave still not really knowing, and this for me is the greatest let down by Nolan. This movie FAILS to actually tell the story of Dunkirk.The music score by Hans Zimmer is excellent, the effects in the movie are excellent. It fails in almost every other department."
138,"First 10 minutes are great. Just what you expected. You almost crouch and hide to avoid the bullets, your heart races and that sound terrifies you. You are at Dunkirk: lost, hungry, desperate. And stukas are above you.Than just repeat that over and over again, in the boat, on the sea, in the plane....and every time is less and less involving.Nolan is still Nolan: great shots, superb sound mixing, and he plays with the mighty water like no other (very much like in interstellar ""waves"" planet) but there is no real involvement.And it lacks sense of scale and dimensions, credibility (expecially for the spitfire gliding sequence), and the worst: time. And we are talking about the master of time, here!Sorry Christopher, this time is a no go! :-("
139,"Its a Big NO for me. I think its a boring movie. I'm very disappointed. Many times are very confusing in time and place. I expect much more after i saw the trailer. I payed $5 for the ticket so i can really complain, but i did not like it at all. I was expecting a good war movie and good fights. The story it self is good the movie is not."
140,"I won't judge the film based on the cinematography nor the editing nor the scenario. I actually learned a lot with this movie about the importance of sound. In cinema, and for those who know know how the production of movies works out there, we know that the sound department is a class apart. The first ready to shoot, the least important department during the shooting because anyways, in post-production it will be resolved, right?This is where Nolan missed it badly and sunk the movie like one of the ships. I sincerely have no idea how the producers let Cristopher Nolan get away with this. Usually the Nolan's movies are so weird in a way that catches people''s attention that they don't pay attention to the plot holes because the atmosphere that are created are so immersive that we don't care. Dunkirk is not one of his usual movies where the story itself is an unknown with surprises that keeps you on the edge of the seat. Dunkirk is more of a trying to be contemplative like Malick's war movie, and stressful like a Spielberg's war movie. He tried to stay in between the two keeping his overwhelming sound that literally turns off the immersion. He tries so hard to create an atmosphere, that you begin to wonder if he even trust the images he is filming.The amount of sound in every moment of the film tries so hard to keep you there, that you ask yourself if why not a simple moment of silence could not do the job.Nolan's team of sound design and mix failed to create an immersive experience (I saw it on IMAX) that made me always stay away of the movie and made me realize the lack of depth in the movie. It's not a ""war movie"", it's a ""survival movie"" and the bad sound editing and mixing makes it none of both. There are some many specific moments that we could discuss (the soldiers in the boat for example) but the main idea is this: I will listen to all movie that are nominated to the Oscars in best sound editing and sound mixing. Nolan and his team failed so bad that we should take a moment to appreciate how hard is the job of the sound department and how precious is a moment of silence."
141,"If you have seen many Nolan films I feel you already expect a certain style of product walking into this film. I think it fulfills expectations there.Great production values. Great actors making the most of what they have to play with. Great visuals and cgi. Tense atmospheric score and sound effects.Sadly it doesn't really come together as a whole package. My opinion is there has been a steady downward trend in Nolan films since Inception (with the exception of The Dark Knight which was only elevated by Heath Ledger's epic performance). This film fits right in that trend.IMO, many directors given the elements here would be able to craft a better film. Can't give it more than half marks."
142,"My wife and I both came away from this film very disappointed. The great critical acclaim did indeed elevate our expectations but the movie just had no depth to it. There were no plot twists, no character development, and there was an incessant dramatic music score throughout the entire movie. It's like hearing the Jaws music for two hours. It simply lost all effect.Kenneth Branagh is the postcard for the overacting, pompous British thespian and he stands on a dock for the entirety of the movie in a Captain Crunch uniform filling the role to a ""T"". A good amount of other cheese was layered throughout the movie.The movie was bereft of heroism save for Tom Hardy's character and a few other spots. It's not a bad movie, but it's certainly not a great movie. Certainly not one you would go back and watch again."
143,"I had big expectations for this one, I kept watching because I thought it was maybe getting better near the end. It didn't. Characters are shallow and the whole movie just misses the engagement you need to enjoy such an important story. I personally think there was a lot of potential in this story..."
144,"The only thing that I could enjoy was that it felt like watching an old war movie. I could have understood this movie if it was shot in the 60's or 70's, back then they would have made it in the same way probably and it could turn into a classic.But with the resources given to filmmakers in 2017, this movie is just unacceptable and insults the classics with all the goofs and shortages. We don't see any German face in the movie, only their bullets.Is this really Dunkirk surrounded by Germans? No way. The city is so clean! and lastly, I really wonder how this movie holds an 8+ rating when most of the written reviews are below 5. Uncredibility for IMDb too."
145,"Where to begin... The ""soldier lost in the complexity of war"" has been done before, and I had high hopes for the film, but I was just disappointed. First, this movie is grim. Not grotesque, just depressing and grim, so prepare yourself. After reflecting on it a while, I think the movie just felt too thin. Thin on scale, thin on character development, thin on dialogue. For a movie called ""Dunkirk"", if you don't know anything about the battle going in, don't expect much coming out. It's really 3 interwoven vignettes about personal experiences during the battle, mainly 1 group fighting (air), 1 group running away (land), and 1 group trying to get into battle (sea). But for a massive operation with hundreds of planes and ships and hundreds of thousands of men, it just felt puny. Imagine a movie about D-Day where the invasion force is 3 allies against 3 Germans on the beach, with a couple of planes and a ship tossed in for drama. That's the feel. Movies like this can work if they have the feel of man as a small cog in massive machinery, but this just missed the mark for me. And the music was grating. Several times it overtook the screen action in a glaring, bad way. Just not a very good film. Not a total clunker, but not great by ANY means."
146,"Christopher Nolan, a period piece, and a warfare movie. It's an interesting amalgamation. What did I think? Eh, meager disappointment at best. My latest review is Nolan's 2017 release, Dunkirk. The story of Dunkirk is a true one. It's not handled faithfully and it has big Chris achingly trying to reinvent the combat wheel, Nolan style! It's about a rather large evacuation in World War II. Allied soldiers were taken from the beaches and harbor of Dunkirk via the summer of 1940. And in case you are wondering, Dunkirk is a medium-sized commune in northern France. Frustrating, overly thought-provoking, icy and at times clunky, Nolan's film is told through the eyes of three different groups of WWII servicemen. Yeah its running time is 106 minutes but Dunkirk feels like it's two and a half hours long. Heck, about an hour in, I was almost ""done"" with Dunkirk. Natch.Anyway, Christopher Nolan as a director, gives Dunkirk a sterile look, a large canvas, a few nimble wide shots, and a numbing sense of being. These are the traits I like about him. However, when Christopher's style fails to correlate with the proper subject matter (forgone battle in the trenches), it almost appears like amateur hour on screen. Nolan mind you, has never been a supreme storyteller, a user-friendly filmmaker, or an expert at staging action. This is where his Dunkirk ultimately fails. For a movie under two hours, Dunkirk feels slight of hand at being a silent film. It still has a ton of scenes that don't find a rhythm and can't sustain any kind of payoff. Battle sequences involving planes, boats, and land infantry are quick, lack minimal gore (that explains the PG-13 rating), and are virtually non-coherent. Also, the actors mumble their lines and Nolan's favorite troupers from his other flicks (Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy), feel underused while not having a lot of script material to bounce off of. All in all, my biggest fault with Dunkirk has to be the editing by Australian Lee Smith. He shapes a vehicle that substitutes wartime ADHD and spoon-fed art for tone and entertainment value. Nothing in frame is truly held long enough for the viewer to process. Basically it's the movie equivalent of someone constantly changing channels with their state-of-the-art remote. So yeah, Dunkirk has a couple of meaningful moments with a provided musical score that's equal parts stirring, absorbingly loud, and annoying. Still, Smith's edits are very choppy and very fleet. They zap Dunkirk of having any lengthy intrigue or sense of epic tranquility. Bottom line: War pics shouldn't make you miffed at trying to fit all the events together as the closing credits come up. That only works with stuff like The Thin Red Line. My rating: 2 stars."
147,"I just want to start off by saying that going into this movie I wasn't very excited about Dunkirk in the first place.I saw the uninspiring trailer for this film a few weeks earlier and thought very little of it. It looked like a poor-man's Saving Private Ryan in all honesty.But what got the audience (and the friend sitting beside me) all riled up was the presence of Christopher Nolan's ""glorious"" name in the sequence. I knew this movie would receive extra praise even before it's release just for that reason.I want to also say that I like to see every movie I can, especially those that are highly praised and recommended by others, in order to give them all an equal chance.So I went to see this movie to give it a chance. I've actually been surprised by many movies and I was eagerly waiting for this movie to surprise me. So I waited. I saw some mediocre, unoriginal and non- unique characters get introduced. I waited more. I saw some ships blow up. And before I even realized how boring and uneventful this movie was, it was over.I sat there in disbelief, thinking maybe I had seen the wrong movie. I looked to my left and right, only to hear my friends and others praising this movie. Had they not seen what I had? Were they not also bored out of their minds? They unfortunately could not pinpoint exactly what made this movie so unique and amazing. I suspect that maybe, again, it has something to do with the fact that it was made by Christopher Nolan.It really is unfortunate that movies like this receive so much praise and will most likely win many Oscars, though they do not deserve them. All because people go into the theatre with preconceived opinions of the movie. Afraid that if they do not like the movie they will be labelled as fools.It's The Emperor's New Clothes all over again..."
148,Why are people so blinded by so called greatness? Nolan creates a masterpiece mmm no Nolan creates a film about war and death that has zero emotion he seems to have come at it as if he has autism and struggles with conveying or understanding feeling. Yes it looks good but that is it and please do not try and tell me he had no heroes because war is not about heroes but people. He had nothing no humans existed Dunkirk was an exercise in technical camera work and pales in comparison with SPR because unlike speilberg Nolan does not feel. The five was for the camera work but honestly it is the most overrated film of the last 30 years. The day before I watched Dolares claiborne Nolan needs to watch that and ET and maybe Hugo to start to understand what makes a film great
149,"*I know what Nolan was trying to do, make a war film with as little cgi as possible. He wanted everything to be in front of the screen. We have to applaud him.Execution wise, this movie is boring, slow, and even at less than 2 hours it feels 30 minutes too long.*There is no story, no characters, and Dunkirk looks very very bare. Just watch that ""Dunkirk-scene"" from the movie ""Atonement"" and you will see that it is done way better in ""Atonement.""*This movie is just boring but Nolan can't help but add his ""magic"" to it. He just can't make a straight forward film anymore, he has to make different timelines, he has to try to make everything ""Memento-like."" Not everything needs that back and forth thing, just make a straight up story.5/10
Good directing and acting, but boring film, action scenes are boring, no story, no characters, and Nolan really needed to add come CGI for his Dunkirk films to show more troops. It just looks so bare."
150,"It's hard to understand critic ratings of 10/10 while this movie undeniably lacks quality on some very important aspects. Let me start off with some positive notes:IMAX: The impact of the bullets and bombs felt as if you were really there. The entire movie is shot in a very realistic way. Opening scene: The suspense, music and cinematography all came together very well in the opening scene, which really made me excited for the scenes to come.Acting: Poor acting can easily distract the audience from their experience of being in a certain time/place. But there was not a single moment in which an actor did something out of character. All expressions were very believable. Great acting!But there were some major aspects I had issues with:Characters: The characters did not have any background story and there's hardly any dialogue to give some insight. The main characters are therefore replaceable for any other random soldier on that beach. I do not expect an elaborate introduction of every character, certainly not in a historical war movie, but the downside is that the audience cannot empathize with the main characters. I really didn't care for one of them to die. I've seen hundreds of soldiers die in earlier scenes of the movie, why would one or two more (just as hollow and unknown as any other soldier) bother me a bit? It's no must to focus on character development, as long as the other aspects of the movie make up for the lack of it. In Dunkirk that sadly was not the case.Editing: Sometimes it was hard to follow which moment in time is shown, because the movie abruptly cuts between three perspectives, therefore even showing some events twice. I find this non-linear storytelling and continuity breaks unnecessary and poorly executed.Repetitive: Much scenes are identical or slightly different from another. Especially the flight scenes did not add much to the story. Instead I rather would've seen some scenes at the front-line with troops actually defending the beach instead of just a bunch of scared, helpless troops waiting for the next plane to fly over and bomb the shite out of them. Keeping out the Germans at the front-line is just as much a part of the story of Dunkirk and it would've given us a chance to actually see the enemy and get some awesome battle scenes. Music: Usually I enjoy Zimmer's score. But in this movie there was no moment of silence, not a moment to break the suspense. Especially in IMAX, my ears were buzzing hours after I left the cinema. Was this intentional? Was it supposed to feel like one big action scene without any breaks, to get the same feeling of those soldiers, trapped between battles unable to take a break, constantly in stress of a nearing attack? Well, than Nolan did succeed. But I found it very annoying. Overall I believe this movie is highly overrated, due to many biased Nolan fans and critics blindly hopping on the hype-train. I found it a very boring movie. The lack of an interesting plot or any interesting characters sadly wasn't compensated enough by the impressive audiovisuals. Rescue yourself from boredom and don't watch this movie!"
151,"A very big letdown for such a moment in history. Recommend wait for HBO. Editing was terrible posting a foolish timeline that made no sense, midnight in France/daylight in England at the same time. Hundreds of small civilian boats assisted in the evacuation, not the dozens on the screen. Thousands of Brit Troops standing in lines exposed on the beach for evacuation with no ships in sight, waiting. Everything from an odd random torpedo scene to the rescued troops getting pulled into boats, soaking wet in oil/seawater then getting off in England wearing dry crisp uniforms.The best dramatic gimmick? A valiant RAF pilot flies over the beachhead till he runs out of fuel, but he still has time gliding to shoot down one more Hun plane. That creates that final (5 minute) moment in the film where he quietly glides across the beach, providing that requisite film shot of all the British stars watching, biting their lips with respect.Meanwhile, I am wondering why he is landing towards the German held beach? Then with all the emergencies on the plane (off course, landing gear won't come down) he continues to wear his high altitude breathing/comms headset? The plane lands, the pilot jumps out and stands looking at the dunes and approaching Germans. Now being filmed with the golden sunset lighting hue technique, we finally see the glowing pilot's face (IMO Tom Hardy, the best British Actor today) defiantly surrendering. You think they would have used real human stories from the event to tell the story... instead we get scenes created specifically for select stars who dropped by the set to spend the day shooting their lines. A wasted opportunity to tell an amazing story of how the civilian armada saved the day."
152,"With high expectations (it is a Christopher Nolan movie after all) we entered the cinema. With even higher disappointment, we left it. Dunkirk was two hours of the same over and over and over again building scene after scene with tense music only to leave the scene again without any climax. It was a confusing mix of scenes that failed to show the overall picture. If you like war movies, there are far better movies out there.The movie started out right and you're thrown right in the middle of the action and sitting on the edge of your seat you expect the movie to dive right into a great story, but then it stops, the climax halted, the story does not really develop and you're left with a feeling of missing something. The entire size of the evacuation (which should have been enormous) is completely missing. The dread of leaving in time because the Germans are breathing down their necks is absent and the scenes often jump to different time frames of the evacuation process. In fact the only Germans you see in person in the entire movie appear in the very end.The acting was OK and so were the different characters put in place: you have your heroes, each in their different way and you have your cowards, also each in their own different way. The cinematography was pretty well setup.Despite a huge potential in possibilities, Dunkirk did not convince me and I feel left stranded on the very beach they tried to escape from."
153,"Once again the curse of Written and Directed by the same person strikes again!From the very start, we watch well trained (from my own knowledge of history - this movie provides no background), British troops run down the middle of the road when fired on. Even untrained troops must have the instinct to seek the nearest cover of a door or alleyway?The bland music is annoying, and was probably done to save time and money on background sound effects which would have added so much more to the drama.After bombs are dropped onto the crowded beach, soldiers die, but you hear no wounded crying out for help.The British Spitfires, while recreated extremely accurately, appear to have limitless ammunition.The time shifting is totally confusing. One moment we are watching a scene in bright daylight, the next it is night, then back to day again.What confused me most was when one pilot watched his wingman ditch, then he proceeded to shoot down a German bomber, after watching it in his rear view mirror for a while? Why would he do this? Why wouldn't he just turn and shoot it down?A little later we go back in time to be with the pilot ditching. He then struggles to get out of his plane, but is eventually rescued. A little later, he watches his wingman shoot down the bomber! Are you kidding me? Unless his mate had been circling above, and given the time frame from the previous scene, the bomber should have been shot down whilst he was still trying to get out of his downed plane, and it would have happened miles away from where he was rescued.Rather than provide a sense of the magnitude of Dunkirk, the film would have you believe, until one of the last scenes, that only a few large and small ships and boats took part. It doesn't show the lines of men in the water up to their shoulders waiting to be picked up. It doesn't even give you a sense of the time frame of several days.Indeed, the ships shown look too modern to be early Second World War destroyers.For those reviewers calling this the best war movie ever, I'm guessing this is the first you have watched.Now go see Band of Brothers, to see how a real war movie/TV series is done.Then see if you can find the original movie Dunkirk, starring John Mills, because although rather slow in places, this movie is still so much better than this new attempt."
154,"I saw the film at the BAFTA screening in NYC on 18-July-2017. I went with some trepidation as my father was at Dunkirk (and my mother's first husband was a RAF pilot who was shot down during WW2). Much to my surprise I found the film rather boring. The vast majority of the action is extremely repetitive. The British soldiers trying to escape are continually thwarted in some way by water, holes in the hulls of the boats, followed by lots of swimming, standing/sleeping on the beach waiting for the next chance to do the same thing. This frustration is inter-cut with two other main story lines (not really stories, and that is the problem). RAF Spitfires coming over the Channel to help. Finally, the heroes of the rescue, the plucky small boats from the south coast, sensibly represented by one craft with three crew. The reality is this is film which we know what happens, as this is a historical truth - many soldiers are rescued by the small boats (I ticked spoiler in case you do not know this!). The inter-cutting of the latter two story lines with the soldiers is filmed is a poor way. First from a technical point of view - the no continuity of lighting. I know the weather is highly changeable in the Channel but the same scene is at once brightly sunlit, then cloudy, then grey, then sunlit within seconds. This happened so much that I wonder if they did it deliberately. Secondly, there is a slight historical non-linear telling of the three stories as they intersect. The idea is obvious to see the story from different points of view. But why? It is not as if the view points generate fundamentally different moral perspectives. However the core problem is there is no real narrative in the film. We do not get a chance to care in any way about the characters. This truth in stark contrast to much much better films about war. The simplest example to point to is ""Mrs. Miniver"", a truly great film about war and, as it happens, Dunkirk. There are many reviewers giving this new film 10 with 'greatest war I have ever seen'. With no narrative and scene scene showing the same thing, it cannot be. Other great war films: ""The Grand Illusion"" and ""Apocalypse Now"" and ""Full Metal Jacket""."
155,"It was difficult to give this film such a high rating but it did have certain good qualities. The acting was good and the uniforms looked real. having said these good things, let me get to the list of bad:DO NOT see this movie if you are a fan of history. The historical inaccuracies will drive you insane. Dunkirk was one of the turning points of the war. It was because the Brits were able to save their army that Germany did not invade. Germany instead decided to turn on Russia and this eventually led to their demise. This great WWII battle was completely underrepresented in this film. There were less than ten total planes in the movie, 20 or less ships, and MAYBE 500 actors. This was not enough. I went in expecting the same level of action as the movie Pearl Harbor, but what i saw was... something less. DO NOT see this movie if you like a story line or plot. There was no plot to this movie at all, and the events in the movie are not even represented in a linear time line. DO NOT see this movie if you like to identify with characters. You will not care much about the characters because there is very little dialogue and no way for you to learn about them. DO NOT see this movie if you are expecting action. There were only a couple ""dog fights"" which consisted of one plane flying behind another with zero intensity.DO NOT see this movie if you have been in the military. Obviously Nolan had nobody on set that knew anything about the military because from the opening sequence there were problems. For example, the movie opens with a few Brits lollygagging in an area with Germans close enough to shoot at them. It is here we see that apparently none of the Brits had their weapons loaded. Also it should be noted that at no point is there any fighting of any kind in the city of Dunkirk. They never show the men holding the line for this evacuation. There were no German artillery barrages. Also it needs to be said, planes would not have dropped bombs on men in the sand when there were ships and docks right there. They would have strafed them in the sand. Overall i cannot say how completely disappointed i was with this film. I do not think i will ever see another war film from Nolan."
156,After seeing the ratings on IMDb I had big expectations for this movie. The movie starts abruptly. There is no set up for the main story of rescue by private citizens. There is no sense of large numbers of private citizens being involved. There is no real emotion developed throughout the story. I never really cared about any of the characters. I simply missed whatever it is that most people felt made this an 8.7. I have seen news reels that were better done. It is the only time in all my years that I felt I could have created a better story and done a better job of directing than those actually involved.
157,"Gushing reviews and hype led me to believe this was going to be an amazing war film. So many people compared Dunkirk very, very favourably to 'saving private ryan'. Many rave reviews 10/10 'the best war film ever'& 'Nolan masterpiece' etc.First things first, this film bears absolutely no comparison to 'saving private ryan'. Dunkirk is not fit to be mentioned in the same breath as Spielbergs masterpiece.Saving Private Ryan is deservedly a classic war film that can be watched many times.Dunkirk is (at best) mediocre. Watch once, unremarkable and quickly forgotten, vastly overrated and over-hyped. We went expecting greatness, (which we were led to believe was this film) and left, as I heard a fellow member of the audience state on leaving, ""thats 2 hours I won't get back again"".It's yet another of those Hollywood offerings, a clapped out ford escort disguised under a 'ferrari body kit'. From outside it looks good, but once you get in and drive, it's a clapped out ford escort.Enough of my disappointment:- The film shows the British/French military disaster of Dunkirk, where the British expeditionary force and thousands of French troops had retreated to Dunkirk, as conquering German armies swept across France using 'Blitzkreig' tactics.The only hope for those at Dunkirk was evacuation by sea or face annihalation.The film attempts to tell the story through the eyes of a Spitfire Pilot (Tom Hardy) A group of British tommies attempting to escape from Dunkirk (including Harry Stiles who gave a creditable performance) and civilian small boat skipper (Mark Rylance) who is sailing over as one of 'the little ships' to rescue the army.The mistake is trying to cram to many viewpoints, with a slightly different time line, into too short a film (1hr 46mins) Also having characters you actually don't care much about. The 1958 film Dunkirk did a much better job on both aspects and was over 30 minutes longer. Visually it's good, (back to the Ferrari body shell) but you don't get any empathy for the characters, particularly the soldiers, who should be the key to the story (being about the evacuation from Dunkirk) The film spends far too long with Tom Hardy, flying his remarkable spitfire, it flies on and on with limitless ammo. He shoots down several fighters, a bomber, and (amazingly) even a stuka whilst his plane is gliding (having run out of fuel) The film title is 'Dunkirk' not 'Spitfire Battles' so detracts from the main story - which surely is about the evacuation of Dunkirk. Mark Rylance is good as the boat skipper with his son plus a 17 year old boy as crewman.However, its a bit Uuh? as he just sails off with his boat as the RN is trying to put naval crews on board, and remarkably knows exactly where he has to go and why. In reality the RN briefed the small boats and gave them routes to skirt minefields etc. On route Rylance picks up Cillian Murphy sitting atop a mostly submerged ship hull. Murphy is a bit 'shell shocked'.On realising he is being taken back to Dunkirk, in a scuffle with the skipper to turn around the boat, the 17 year old is accidentally fatally injured. Pointless sub story compared to the main 'event' (Dunkirk evacuation) Another uuh! moment.The film tries to be 'clever' (but doesn't pull it off) entwining all three story lines to meet at the same event. When Hardy attacks the bomber, attacking the minesweeper, that the soldiers are trying to swim to from their sinking fishing boat and Rylance rescues them. The British soldiers, who the film follows, are remarkably cowardly. Bearing mind the Britsh Expeditionary Force, although small, was a professional army. Not conscripts.I felt nothing for the soldier characters, other than a mild contempt for being so cowardly, no attempt to find their units, just run for the ships, by any means.The film has several good actors, which seemed remarkably wasted, murphy as battle fatigued coward !Brannagh as some senior naval officer on the pier - more of a cameo Hardy was convincing as a pilot but rather detracted from the evacuation story. In many respects, this film is a glib, colour version of a disastrous part of our military history and a remarkable evacuation.I did get a lump in the throat at the sight of the 'little ships' but only about 7 were shown, and it was almost a 'by the way' scene, as if not important.In reality 800 or so, civilian small vessels, of all shapes and sizes, from paddle steamers to river launches, bravely sailed across to rescue the army. However, you never get the scale of the event nor feel any empathy, let alone sympathy, for the characters. This director is a poor scriptwriter for an historic event within living memory. He should stick to science fiction stories. The sound was mostly loud dirge 'music' that did nothing for me.Whats the difference between a bucket of faeces and the film Dunkirk 2017 ? The bucket!4.5/10p.s. I nearly laughed out loud at the end. On a surprisingly modern train in blighty, the soldiers wondered what people would think of them? Bearing in mind how they had jumped every queue and used every deception to save their skins. I think 'cowards' would be appropriate."
158,"I expected much from this movie, but got nothing. Besides nice effects and good music film is below average. First, it is inaccurate, because Hitler let British troops get away, it was not their effort, but just the mercy of the Nazis. Second, story is very weak, in few words you have British&French forces pinned down by the shore and few boats rescuing them. Caracthers are undeveloped, for example Tom Hardy speaks maybe 10 lines and he is wearing mask all the time. Harry Styles is actually good. There are few acts of so called 'bravery' and after that film ends.By far, worst movie from Nolan to date. Big mess, weak story, ignoring historical facts. 4/10 and I am generous."
159,"For one thing, it was scaled back too much. In reality, Dunkirk was a huge battle involving the evacuation of around 400 thousand men. Hundreds of planes and ships were lost. Thousands of men died. The movie failed to convey the magnitude at all. We see a few planes dog fighting instead of hundreds. We see a few ships and boats sunk instead of hundreds. We follow one character around throughout the movie and it was boring. I really can't say I liked this movie. Great sound effects though.And the main characters turned out to be German spies posing as British soldiers."
160,"I don't write reviews very often but feel compelled to do so on this occasion. I was really looking forward to seeing this film after all the rave reviews. But to say I am disappointed is an understatement. This has to be one of the most over-hyped films of recent times, with little storyline, depth and narrow focus of such a significant event in WW2. In addition, the soundtrack in the film has this constant VERY LOUD screeching music and effects that frankly just got on my nerves, totally spoiling the little enjoyment I would otherwise have got. Save your money and avoid."
161,"The subject matter of Dunkirk is fascinating true life tale of heroism and patriotism which should present the perfect canvas for a filmmaker. However, this film falls flat. Instead of a glorious landscape that puts the audience into the battle itself, we are left with an impressionist piece in which the audience must provide their own dialogue, character depth, and epic size.As other reviewers have stated what did they spend $150 million on? Dunkirk essentially presents a couple thousand men standing on the beach waiting for a ride, with a couple of planes flying around. Not exactly ""Epic.""If you walk into this film expecting Saving Private Ryan, you will simply be bored and left unsatisfied as I was."
162,"With great expectations for Dunkirk as Nolan has an incredible resume, I was extremely disappointed with Dunkirk. He does a time shift for the three POV's which gives an interesting layering of storytelling; however, what was the benefits to telling to story in this way? In Memento, there is a clear purpose to how Nolan uses time, but in Dunkirk it just seems trivial. Furthermore, there is no villain, Nolan just relies on ""The Germans"" as an excuse for us to undoubtedly support the British soldiers without ever showing an evil thing that the Germans do besides bomb the soldiers, which is what the British were presumably doing to the Germans. That being said, I had no real reason to support the protagonists. Moreover, Nolan appears to rely on the audiences knowledge of Dunkirk from school and such, but as an American I had no emotional connection to the battle as I had never heard of Dunkirk before. The Soundtrack seems to be just a lot of noise and doesn't build to anything, especially with the three POV's clashing at points. Also, the British accent can be hard to understand at points as an American.In conclusion, I feel Nolan did little to establish an emotional connection between the audience and the characters. There was no battle scene, which was disappointing. I left the theater feeling disappointed and unimpressed."
163,"Just saw this yesterday and I really wanted to like it, being an amateur historian in general and big fan of military movies/books in particular (i'm an old navy sailor). Aah where to begin, I guess with the non-chronological, non-linear format; bad idea for this movie. I'm a fan of it in other genres, but it doesn't allow you to engage or get invested in the event being depicted, much less any of the people. It jerks you back and forth from ""week"" to ""day"" to ""hour."" It feels like it's out of sync throughout the whole times being depicted. I loved the Dark Knight and believe it is the greatest superhero movie ever made, plus a genuinely magnificent movie in general; up there with Ben-Hur, Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Good The Bad & The Ugly, the Godfather, even Once Upon a Time In American (another out of sequence movie), and so forth. I know it sort of raps up with all three frames, but you even get to see repetitive scenes (albeit from different viewpoints) again and again. The score wasn't anything spectacular, just a little bit overdone, and sometimes even overtook what was going on screen, bad idea. As another reviewer noted, the historical event was a big deal, this movie was supposed to ""film"" it, but you only see 7-8 boats on screen, not the hundreds that were actually used; same goes for the extras; I felt this was a great opportunity for CGI boats, planes, and people; I'm not against it for conveying ""reality"" on screen, especially on a Nolan film, the CGI would have been top-class and wouldn't have been cheesy. Also, the lack of dialogue made it more like a long documentary about the logistics of the event, even though you don't see the grand scale (with a couple of hundred extras, 7-8 boats, and 3-4 planes). I feel bad for not liking this movie more because I'm really appreciative of what the British did at Dunkirk to ""fall-back"" and live to fight another day and eventually defeat Germany in WWII. The ""Greatest Generation"" described in Tom Brokaw's book, which I read, was even greater in the United Kingdom, due to their sacrifices and shared sufferings (bombing of London and other UK cities). This movie deserved to be given one or two people to hang on to and grieve with and cheer for and be afraid with and persevere and survive with. Even though the end ends like that, it was sort of anti-climatic. This was my opinion, one man, not representative of anyone else's view point, of which we all know there are/will be many."
164,"Regarding the movie DunkirkWhen Saving Private Ryan premiered in Bristol 1998, I was the youngest person in the theatre. Around me were elderly English war vets. I could tell, they wore their veteran uniforms and veteran badges. During a couple of hours elderly men and women quietly sobbed in their seats watching, and possibly reliving, the war all over again. This wasn't a normal cinema experience and I don't think I will ever experience one like this again. It changed my view on war and the fact that I and my country Sweden, in fact have no experience of war in modern time. But we are pretty much the only ones in Europe, or the entire world for that matter, with a 200 year history without wars. Steven Spielberg pulled this off. He made Europe remember WWII all over again and he educated the young and helped (?) elderly to closure. Spielberg is a movie maker who knows very well his genres and how to not mess with them. Enter Chris Nolan. A movie maker famous and known for science fiction and fantasy. With Dunkirk he shows at least me that he is as predictable as a dull Adam Sandler. My biggest concern when I sat down to watch Dunkirk was weather Nolan would stay true to the genre or if he would put his sci-fi magic into it. After ten minutes I realised I was watching Interstellar again and I had to fight the urge to actually leave the theatre. What annoyed me the most was the sci-fi sound effects, scifi music score and the shallowness of the historical event. Is the movie good? Well, Nolan's fans will probably like it, Generation Y will like it but people who, like me, had a life changing experience with Saving Private Ryan, won't be as thrilled or impressed. Imagine Schindler's List in the hands of Christopher Nolan. Darn right, thanks but no thanks. I didn't like it at all."
165,"I was waiting for this film with great anticipation since it was announced many months ago.WWII films are one of my favorites genres, and with that, I am talking about classics like The Guns Of Navarone, The Eagle Has Landed, Saving Private Ryan, etc.Keeping that in mind, I must say that I left the theatre utterly disappointed, not only with the shallow narrative of a major WWII event but, with the way Chris Nolan decided to tell his story.** SPOILERS AHEAD **The three point of view storytelling is somewhat confusing, first because it is not so obvious what Nolan is trying to do, it takes a while to notice the dynamics, and, the always present continuity errors (gross sometimes) do not help either. I am not attached to traditional storytelling, and most of the films I like had some kind of alternate scripts, but for my liking, it went a bit too far with Dunkirk.Another major flaw is the shallowness of the story, all the characters are almost like supporting characters, with no lead or at least one or two characters you feel empathy for. Maybe Noland made the ""lead character"" the event itself, but it is not depicted with depth or detail (I will not mention historical accuracy) it deserves either.The icing on the cake was, in both positive and negative senses (caveat: I am an aviation enthusiast and work as an airline pilot), the air combat scenes. Impressive work and kudos for Nolan for not using only CGI, always a pleasure to see, and hear, some Spitfire/RR Merlin in action. The air combat sequences were, indeed, the highlight for me.But also a major disappointment, as ** MAJOR SPOILER AHEAD ** the final sequences practically disregarded all the laws of aerodynamics and energy management known to men (back then and today). Planes can not fly forever, do air combat maneuvering and then fly sustained and prolonged level flight without an engine running. Period.4/10"
166,"I have been a fan of Christopher Nolan since I saw ""Memento"", and Cillian Murphy is good in everything he does, so I was really looking forward to this film. What an enormous disappointment.I have to wonder why film critics are doing an ecstatic dance over it; being Christopher Nolan does not give you an automatic pass to having your film considered great. This is the worst movie I've seen in quite a while, regardless of director.What the film presents is about a half dozen sub stories but with no simultaneous time frame; it hops from one scene to the next with no continuity. Nowhere are we able to make an emotional connection with the characters, which is really the key to a fine film. It was simply a collage of well acted scenes about war thrown together into one huge mess. Maybe Nolan felt he was unable to due justice to those who so courageously stood at Dunkirk without bringing in sub stories. He should have found a better film editor to attempt to tie it all together."
167,"Honestly I refrain from writing bad reviews about a film because I know how much effort goes into making one but this was so disappointing specially coming from Nolan. The film script seemed biased and more of paid publicity for British army. It doesn't make you feel anything in fact it was really hard to concentrate, after every 10 minutes I was literally waiting for something wow to come up which obviously didn't happened. It nowhere shows a genius escape or struggles of a war, just some men swaying from one place to another.The actors lacked intensity, no characters were established it seemed like the writer didn't have any focus or vision for the film. The only thing we can appreciate is the technicality of cinema specially aerial cinematography other than that the story or the presentation doesn't touch any chords. Not the best war movie. Much hyped."
168,"I cant conclude that this was a masterpiece or an epic - it most certainly wasn't - There are a few reviews on here that match my sentiment - the editing was poor several stories come together but are done almost ad hoc with a scene being almost a flashback to a previous scene where a plane that was shot down is then shot down again as part of a different story within the same story (if that makes sense). I watched the 1958 version of Dunkirk and it had more intensity than this the fear of the daily bombing and fear of drowning, fear of not getting off the beach alive - well that intensity was lacking in this there appeared to be a few hundred men on a beach who were occasionally attacked by 3 stucka dive bombers there were moments when you wanted something to happen and when it did you wondered what the hell it was about as there would be no dialogue. I felt like screaming what did you spend £150 millions on. It could have been so much more, special effects could have had thousands on a beach not a random selection of soldiers here and there there could have been more little boats coming towards Dunkirk. However, some things were done well the ship saving men and then only to be sunk again. Showing the desperation to survive and the cost of that survival. The spitfire scenes where we learnt something of what the RAF learnt in aerial combat that prepared them for the battle to come and the crew of the little boat and how they epitomised the spirit of Dunkirk - that was done exceptionally well but I was very disappointed about the rest and don't expect to see Oscars where there was little dialogue to deserve such."
169,"I am a bit of a WWII buff so knew the story of Dunkirk going in. I can only imagine how lost a person not familiar with this chapter from history would be while watching this movie. Outside of a few lines of text at the beginning that provide an extremely brief bit of background info, there is zero explanation of what is happening so don't expect any sort of history lesson. It's kind of like a documentary that used all of its budget to create excellent reenactment footage but ignored the narration. Instead of a voice like David McCullough or Morgan Freeman to tell the tale, there is an annoying, overly loud, virtually continuous music score that instructs the viewer how to feel every single second. For a few scenes the director must have decided that loud manipulative music wasn't quite enough and elected to use dead silence instead. Frankly, my ears were so relieved during these precious quiet moments that any scene at all, another pan of the sky, another upturned face, a boot in seafoam would have triggered a tremendous emotional response.And yes, scenes are repeated. Remember when you first saw the trailer? When the cold, grey, ominous sky; cold, grey, ominous beach, and c.g.o. water made you feel almost as if something ominous was going to happen? Well, if you appreciated all of that great dreary English Channel atmosphere in the trailer you are in luck because the one thing Dunkirk succeeds in is establishing an ominous, dreary atmosphere. It's kind of a miracle how minutes and minutes of panning clouds, water, and beach don't begin to get old until about 45 minutes in. That's about the point when you sneak a look at your watch and realize that nothing more is going to happen. At my first watch look I was still hopeful and subtracted 35 minutes for previews which still gave the movie time to, you know, start moving. By my third time check I found myself wishing that I had paid A LOT more attention to one of the young dark headed guy's garbled words during the first ten minutes because I was starting to worry that I had missed something drastically important to the plot. But it turned out I hadn't missed anything more important than determining what was going on in any of the three, non-linear, confusing story arcs. Dunkirk follows the separate stories of a soldier, a sailor, and a pilot who are just trying to get home during war. Except for the pilot, who glides his plane down on the wrong shore. And except for the sailor who takes his children into known danger because he already lost one son to the war and loses another son on the journey but doesn't seem to mind. But these lads might not even be his children. I either forgot or it somehow slipped by me in the 50 or so spoken words that I actually understood. Regardless, I liked the sailor character the best by far, if only for the fact that he had the lead speaking role.At the end, the director predictably juxtaposes the bleakness of the beach at Dunkirk to the colorful landscape of the English countryside to suggest that the war is behind the dark headed soldier guys. And as one of them reads aloud from a newspaper about how silly their mission was, their countrymen somehow know that the newspaper is wrong and welcome them home with drink. Oh, he also reads part of Churchill's famous, ""We will beat them on the beach,"" speech in what might be the most awkward style ever recorded. I assume this was done to hammer home the fact that young men who go to fight in our wars are just simple, uneducated fellows. But really, I have no idea. This movie might be deceitfully deep or just a collection of nicely filmed war images. I left the theater not knowing a single character's name, not caring the slightest about any of the characters, and not able to even coherently describe what happened. It was like retelling a fading dream that seemed to have narrative and importance but only images and atmosphere remain.What is even more astounding, but to my great relief, I couldn't even remember enough of the nonstop, blaring score to hum a single bar. SUMMARY: If you've never seen a war movie you might be very impressed by Dunkirk's power. Or, judging from the positive critical reviews, you might have seen all of the major war movies and still be impressed. I honestly have no idea. POSITIVES: *Great attention to atmosphere and mood *Great cinematography *Probably will get people interested in learning about Dunkirk and WWII *Reaffirms that war is bad *Does not rely on gratuitous violence *Might be the only realistic war movie of the past 30 years that could be appropriate for kids *Story is told from a creative, non- traditional p.o.v. NEGATIVES: *Boring *Repetitive *Is basically a silent movie outside of the ear shattering score and sound effects *Incomprehensible narrative *Zero character development *Zero historical context *The score ODD INCLUSION: *I get that the director wanted to show that war is hard on the regular people who are involved. And I get that fear is hard on the bowels. But TWO pooping scenes/references within the first five minutes?? COMPARISONS: *The movie ""Carol"" which was long on atmosphere and got critical acclaim but was a lazy snooze-fest"
170,"Without a doubt, one of the worst soundtracks ever, continual droning that never stops. NO character development. A series of dark disconnected snippets accompanied by the never-ending drone propels the film into the realm of pure boredom - sort of like air escaping from a balloon until it becomes flat. Though, to be fair, I have to admit - some of the dogfights were pretty cool so I bumped my rating up to 4 stars. To compare this film with the likes of Saving Private Ryan, FMJ, Apocalypse Now, Deer Hunter or Black Hawk Down is simply laughable. The film's best scenes are all in the trailer. Watch it and save your time and money."
171,"Okay so I just returned home after watching Dunkirk and I have I was so wrong,Hahn Don't know how to say this but billions of blue blistering barnacles what the F@@K did I just saw. This is not a Christopher Nolan movie it had nothing of him in this movie in fact I am not even sure if it was a movie at best it's a WW2 situation shown on a high budget History channel world war episode. I am not swayed by anyone's review so I am going to give my Unbiased Spoiler free review of DUNKIRK.Okay the opening scene is awesome and it gets you the background score is getting chilling and you are now in Christopher Nolan Zone and then 15 minutes goes by and music is still building on and before it reaches the climax there is suddenly change of scene!! Why?? And the same things go on in a loop throughout the movie. Its just starts to get frustrating. Just for everyone benefits Dunkirk is bit like Memento which tells the same episode through different character eyes in a Time lapse/ Wrap mode and this time it is not executive well.You have to pay attention to starting 10 minutes to get what's going to happen the incidents will be shown through 3 different angels – Soldiers on land, pilots in the sky and sailors on the boat and by far the best shots are from the sky and no one gives damn about soldiers and of course since it's a sea movie you have lots of ships and one very irritating rescue boat. Now here is the most confusing part of this movie, you see many big ships sinking yet you start to realize no damn it, it's the same ship sinking over and over again!! I mean the same episode is being shown by three different group of people.in Dunkirk defense it has some truly state of the Art Dog fight scene in the sky and they are shot Gorgeously well and its the only saving grace of the movie and yet in the end of the movie that moments are also taken away from you.Dunkirk is not a movie it's a episode at best there are no characters and the best one never shows his face and I have no idea if Christopher Nolan does not like Tom Hardy Face but he refuse to give him face time on on the screen, he is always in some kind of mask. I Think even if every Englishman write brave reviews about Dunkirk it will still not save this huge high budget ship from sinking , it has Titanic written all over it. I am not sure if CN directed this movie or some one from his assistant team did it. The film has some very serious editing issues and narration is all over the place. The Music has same tone in every seen and hence we will never have ""No time to Caution"" moment in this movie.For me this movie has failed in all levels, even Hacksaw ridge is far better war movie than this one but the problem is Hacksaw understand it is a movie Dunkirk is confused and I am sure it is NOT."
172,"When we hear of Nolan ..a war movie is not the first thing that comes to mind .His movies are the ones that are totally mind boggling .Leaves us with an open question at the end.Despite that he has delivered to us a war movie about the more unknown war or rather Allied retreat at Dunkirk.Yes move over US invasion of Normandy chaps ! its time for Dunkirk. The plot of the story, if there is any is mostly covered in the trailers.I understand this was a real incident and there is little room for theatrics when its presented by Nolan.Then again it gets too repetitive planes flying over one another , shooting each other down .Even the dialogues ""home..you can practically see it from here "" its 3 times in the movie.Yes i counted. You may watch it and like it if you are an ardent Nolan fan ,or a critic who is confused if he should right away disapprove a particular ""Nolan"" movie."
173,"I was expecting a great war movie, but it happened to be a very disappointing and boring experience. A lot of repetitive scenes, a lack of depth, and a poor script. I would describe it as a documentary rather than a movie... Piece pf advice : for those who are expecting a war movie, don't get yourself fooled don't waste your money for such pity."
174,"Possible spoiler for content: I went to see the movie full of hope it might be another epic movie living up to its title ala ""Bridge Too Far"" or ""The Longest Day,"" but this movie was not about the evacuation of Dunkirk. It wasn't even a war movie, and anyone watching it would not know anything useful about the actual battle (that wasn't even an actual battle). First, the good: The graphics were well done, exceptional in fact. The pilot's eye view and shooting engagements were very good. The naval scenes when ships were hit, including interior scenes, were pretty well done as well. The larger vistas of the beaches were pretty good and copied from readily available historical footage. The movie's converging story lines of the three soldiers was well done, with the eavesdropping part giving a good entry for the general situation (aimed at audience members who don't know anything about the relevant history). A Ju-87 dive bombing attack at the beginning was pretty cool in giving audience members a chance to hear the notorious Stuka's siren.The bad: There was no real ""air to air"" per se--the German ME109s just flew in a nearly straight line acting like training drones for the British fighter pilots to shoot down. Inexplicably, instead of flying like fighters, i.e. at higher altitudes to maintain situational awareness and tactical superiority, everyone flew at sea level. German fighter bombers simply droned alone with escorts that apparently did nothing but get shot down for a chance to show the very good perspective shots. The occasional attacks on the beach were more for a look at an attacking plane, but really nothing else. The damage and effects of damage on people were superficial and not even close to reality, and there was no impression of the tremendous amount of equipment held by the British. Troops stood by the water in company sized lines waiting for ships that were not even visible, and no attempt was made to prepare for anti-aircraft response with rifles or shore batteries. Several scenes of the evacuation showed (or you heard) the impact of incoming artillery fire, but not one ship fired counter battery fire. The actors were all very pretty boy-models, except in one pretty lame subplot where the ""bad guy"" Brit had a slightly meaner set of eyebrows. In this scene, a squad of soldiers abandoned their unit and hid in a beached boat without the slightest sense of tactical or situational awareness, and hid. While hiding in the hull of the boat and awaiting the tide, during which time no one set up a guard or made any preparations to use the craft, some rifle/machine gun fire began hitting the boat's hull, creating holes that began allowing water to leak into the boat. Somehow, despite hitting the metal hull of the boat and not exiting, none of these rounds ricocheted or hurt anyone. The undisciplined group panics and begins to wonder how to lighten the boat so it won't sink. During this part, the ""ugly"" guy threatens to off a disguised French soldier so that his riddance would make the boat somehow more sea worthy.In short, this was not a movie about Dunkirk, but a drama centered about a few soldiers, a couple of pilots--all of runway good looks, and a civilian boat owner with a veneer of early WWII and a backdrop of Dunkirk that would only fool or engage someone knowing little to nothing about the actual history of crisis. It certainly wasn't a thriller or realistic, and it was nowhere near ""epic."" But the excellent CGI, coupled with a real story ala ""Bridge Too Far"" construct, could have contributed to an outstanding movie."
175,"As a regular movie goer I was naturally looking forward to seeing what all the hype was about in regards to ""Dunkirk"". Well I was sorely disappointed, and came away frustrated at what the director could have done with such a large budget, instead of the tedious film he gave us. Within the first 10 minutes we find ourselves on the beach, together with lines and lines of soldiers facing the water, waiting for the boats to collect them. Never mind the fact, that the boats had not even left England yet! Needless to say, the soldiers were completely unprotected in the open, and made for great target practice for the German planes above them. I found the lack of character building to be an enormous let down. Whilst there were three mini plots, the soldiers being evacuated, the trio of Spitfires, and the one small boat with the man and his son, there was little or no interaction between the actors in these mini plots. I call them actors as we were never able to get to know them by name as such, and hence there were no characters in this movie per se. Kenneth Branagh spent the entire moving walking up and down the wharf trying to get the soldiers into whatever boats appeared. The supposed armada that was dispatched from the other side of the channel, never looked more than a bunch of mates out for an afternoon cruise.There were many scenes with little or no dialogue, which depicted what it was really like for mainly those on the beach, or in an unused trawler a group of them came across. Whilst these may have been realistic, we had no idea who the characters involved were, as we had no opportunity to engage with them throughout the film.There were many times when we switched from a night time scene to daytime one, and then back to night time, when supposedly all the action was taking place at the the same time. In my humble opinion, Dunkirk could have, and should have been an epic movie, but I'm afraid to say that I found it boring, tedious, and without character. I am well aware that I am in the minority with this opinion, but it really could have been so much better.Cheers,Hans"
176,"-Contains Spoilers-After reading such amazing universal critical praise, my less than stellar experience of watching Dunkirk obligated me to write my first ever review on IMDb. I am a big fan of Christopher Nolan, in many ways I think he has truly changed cinema and how we experience film. I would go as far as to call him a visionary artist. This is why Dunkirk truly baffled me.Let's think about the technical facts of the Dunkirk evacuation, it is said over and over in the film that there are 300,000 men on the beach. We see maybe 1,000. A mass evacuation this scale took hundreds and hundreds of vessels. We see upwards of 30-40. And the Luftwaffe was definitely assailing the beach, yet in the film we see a paltry 8 planes. There is something missing here, it's called ""scale"". This film has a complete dearth of it. And that is a shame and blaspheme to the experience of the true Dunkirk evacuation. Beyond the obvious factual incongruities, there are glaring narrative holes. We have no connection to these characters, they seem cold and distant from us. There is no character development whatsoever in the film. I understand that Nolan was trying to show the entire character of the Dunkirk evacuees, but again we only saw a minuscule few hundred of what was supposed to be 300,000 so this argument is moot to me. We don't even get to see one Nazis either, so the ""grand villain"" that was forcing the evacuation was never even on the screen!!!!The score and the sound design have been mentioned by many reviewers, and again I was so underwhelmed. There have been so many better films for both scores and sound design, too many to list actually. Yes, there is some stellar cinematographer, but we expect that from Mr. Nolan.Finally, I've heard and read ""One of the best war films ever"" so many times now. Give me a break. There are many many better war films- Ran, The Bridge on the River Kwai, Apocalypse Now, Full Metal Jacket, The Thin Red Line, and Saving Private Ryan to name just a few. I'd suggest you rent or buy one of these instead of watching Dunkirk. I wouldn't waste my time viewing this film again. I hope Nolan's next film is far better."
177,"Been traveling and away but just managed to catch it on its last week here. I made it, so exited when me and my son sat down...... then. Major disappointment.How is it possible that it has been graded so high? So many mistakes that even my 14 year old son could find, History and Pilot nonsense etc.The good, in short. Actors did a good job, but that is about it. Then. Dunkirk was a major milestone during the second world war. The scale of it could not be seen in the movie. The soundtrack destroyed much of the overall feel and was annoying after awhile. Allot of noise to summarize it. The plot and suspense when soldiers were trapped in the fishing boat was ridiculous. I mean the boat was too heavy and one guy need to leave to make it float free, all while the boat was filled with more than 2 tons of water, really? And water kept coming in through bullet holes close to the water line but still with pressure that you could believe it was a submarine 20 meters below the surface. Then soldiers still manage to drown in the fishing boat. Allot of nonsense trying to get some nerve into the movie. This do not even belong in a B-movie, period. Then you have a pilot that can fly forever without the engine, even engage in enemy dogfight that he wins. He then do a flyby over the rescue flotilla (that could pick him up after ditching) but he choose to land on the beach to be captured by the Germans, what?The pilot stand next to his plane and Giant gantry cranes are visible in the background. No such cranes existed in the 40s. For a time i wonder if there were a twist there in the end, moving in time or so, but no, the cranes kept showing in the background and Germans show up. By then i was hoping to move in time, about two hours back or so. Why i kept asking me, make such a bad movie on such a piece of history?"
178,"I do not understand why this movie gets such good reviews when it does not reflect how it really was. Where are the 400,000 people? Where are all the planes, the boats? The big ships that are hit by torpedoes or bombs roll over to the left side right away and sink, quite strange. Then you have a spitfire that runs out of fuel at a fairly low altitude, yet it's flying around forever and shooting other aircraft down before it lowers the undercarriage and lands well on the beach. They have also added a noisy background sound that becomes quite annoying in the long run. A disappointing movie that's not worth watching at the cinema."
179,"Let me say I really wanted to like this film. I avoided seeing the previews or any reviews so I could go in unbiased which is how I like to see all of my movies. I don't like to rubbish the hard work that people put into their films because I enjoy really well made films. But in short I really wish someone told me to avoid this one. I'm not one to follow the flow and praise something that is clearly so very bad.The bad: The music\noise\soundtrack...whatever you want to call it was terrible. Just random esculations of horned instruments that build up and up and up to nothing. It was way too distracting and completely failed to build the suspense. I found myself looking around the cinema at the speakers wondering when the projectionist was going to realise he had accidentally turned the sound up too loud for the movie.There is zero character analysis. Everyone looks the same and you cant distinguish anyone from anyone else throughout the film. It doesn't matter anyway because you don't have any reason to care about anyone in particular because there is no back story of anyone. The plot is flat dry and boring. Don't get me wrong it was based on an important event in history but this film does this no justice at all.My biggest gripe is the lack of dialogue throughout the film. Was Nolan trying something new here? Probably but please don't do it again. There are shots of what are meant to be hundreds of thousands of soldiers all standing in lines on the beach all deathly quiet staring out to the ocean in most scenes. Even the terribly injured lying on stretchers are mutes.So many scenes don't add any value and don't make any sense. The stupidity of trying to force a single 60kg soldier off a sinking ship to reduce the overall weight of a boat stuck on the sand? I mean really...who writes this stuff. The boat is taking on hundreds of litres of water and you want us to believe that one person will magically raise the boat off the beach? It's a head shaking moment that just makes no sense at all.The whole thing is a b grade made for TV matinée crossed with the overly long 50 yard stares reminisce of a bad episode of the days our lives. The Dad in the boat couldn't care less that his son dies. He almost seems content. The plane scenes are slow and boring. They show little tactics and make us believe the entire German airforce was fought off by 3 spitfires. And don't get me started on the spitfire that somehow manages to linger in the air long after its engine has stopped for what seems like an eternity. Some say that Spitfire is still flying around without any fuel to this day. As my mate said, he didn't have to land on the beach, he could have flown all the way back to London.I heard the budget was 150 million. That's got to be a joke. There is just no way. Either that or the majority of the scenes ended up on the cutting room floor. You certainly didn't have to pay your actors for speaking roles.It's such a shame. This movie has so little going for it. Maybe the editor was coming down off a week long coke bender when he put this together because I have no doubt I could have done better with the raw footage and a PC version of Adode Premier.Wait for DVD release and a night when you are not really into watching a movie to pop this one in. You wont miss the atmosphere of a cinema for this movie because there is none to talk of. I apologise for being so harsh but I would prefer an apology from the director for killing my expectations. 3/10 is very generous indeed."
180,"""Dunkirk"" is a forgettable and dull war film absolutely overrated in IMDb. There is no character development and the viewer does not care for anybody who lives or dies. The shallow screenplay is awful and the Batle of Dunkirk is limited to the evacuation of the Allied soldiers, most of them British, that stay in lines on the beach or on a dock attacked and slaughtered by the German airplanes. The plot focuses basically in three simultaneous storylines: the first based on an old man with two teenagers in a boat trying to rescue soldiers; the second on a Spitfire pilot that crashes his airplane on the water and is rescued by the old man; and the third on a Navy Commander in charge of the attempt of evacuating the soldiers. Better of watching again a classic war movie than spending 1h 46 min watching his terrible film by the usually overrated Christopher Nolan. My vote is three.Title (Brazil): ""Dunkirk"""
181,"I can't understand how it can get 8.4 rating. Technically great, I mean, high level images and direction. But: first of all, why would Nolan add the past and future in all of his movies? I didn't find any empathy, emotions, with respect to other war movies. The final reminds me of the usual war movies made in US. And two actors as Tom Hardy and Cillian Murphy, almost not showing at all. I acknowledge Inception and Interstellar are great movies, although not 'my type', but this is not a great movie as they said."
182,"The evacuation of Dunkirk was one of the most important moments in history, and a pivotal part of WWII. This movie had the opportunity to express the greatness and the gravity of this event, and it failed. The flyover shots of a few dozen soldiers on the beaches, when there should be ten of thousands, failed to express the enormity of the situation. Similarly the dozen or so civilian boats, when there should have been thousands, underwhelmed their contributions. The attempt to humanize the story by showing a few individual vignettes, in one case a single incident shown from multiple perspectives, also failed. No one character was engaging enough to impress the tension or magnitude of the situation. In essence this movie made a momentous and terrifying event a little boring. In doing so, it does a disservice to those that have experienced combat."
183,"Best war movie ever made, not by far. The only good thing about this movie is a few great cinematic camera shots and that is it. Lets see where to start (spoliers coming):1. Apparently German Army participated in the battle of Dunkirk; with 2 Henschel Hs 129 bombers, 3 dive bombers Junkers Ju 87 (Stuka's) and 3 Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters, which were all apparently shot down by 3 RAF Spitfires. As that is the only German troops you will see the whole movie! Myabe they were not there? Batman got them on time? 2. You have two genius actors Sir Kenneth Branagh and Tom Hardy, but you write a scenario where both of them have 10 lines in the whole movie? I don't believe that Tom had more then 2 lines that lasted for 1 min. Now people will say, you don""t understand the story it self is a main character! That is all fine, but then I can watch Denkirk documentary, it is more intense then this! 3. Harry Styles should stick to music, as his acting is very One Direction. I mean everything is so predictable, you just look at him and know its a movie? There is no suspense in his acting, there is no character build up what so ever, etc.I could go on and on, many more things are bad about this movie, but I would be in danger to write more words than what are in screenplay of Dunkirk!Wait to come on Netflix, DVD or something, don't waist your money in cinema. PS I gave it a 3, it will probably end up around 7 when all hype dies, but I expected a historical intense masterpiece, and got nothing!!!"
184,"We saw Dunkirk on opening night, I was excited, I'm a huge WW2 buff. The incredible human drama at Dunkirk has mostly been overlooked by Hollywood. So July 20 has been on my calendar for a while. Boy did I fall for the hype!I must say something positive first... great war footage! I loved the spitfires! Knowing that Nolan shot this move with only a few post effects is impressive. The scenes inside the ships were fantastic.Now, onto the sad truth as I see it. I wish the producers would have spent some of the $150 million on a script. I didn't know you could shoot a historical period movie with a steep budget and not have one. It's as if this was just a big historical re-enactment of the Dunkirk rescue and the film crew said, hey, we should grab a couple of decent actors and throw some cheesy lines at them, we'll make a movie! There was an old-timer from the business that once told me, ""if you've got a great story you can shoot your movie thru banjo strings on black & white film"".I got the impression that Nolan was hell-bent on shooting realistic war footage and he fell in love with those shots and scenes, forgetting that the audience would appreciate a plot. There are so many interesting plot twists from the actual event. We never really saw anything from London, France or Germany where most of the strategy was planned. Nolan focused on the beachhead and the channel. The realism was quite good, but too long and confusing.The sound track had many problems too. The mix was hot, if you wanted to listen the sparse dialogue, good luck. For some reason the director chose to loop this maddening drone sequence throughout the movie. It was so obvious it had to be intentional. I was hoping the version we saw was just an advance copy with a rough mix, nope. One last thing, I'm not sure the average movie goer will appreciate the way Nolan repeated scenes. Apparently the footage was so good from 4 different angles we should show all of them, back to back. I get it, great film makers take chances. There have been many examples, especially in the indie- film world of masterpieces that tried risky new techniques, sadly, Dunkirk isn't one of them.To wrap this up... I'm glad I saw Dunkirk. I think most WW2 buffs will see it no matter what anybody says."
185,"I like war movies but I certainly didn't like this one. I feel the title is wrong because it's not so much about Dunkirk as its about some blokes who where there at the time.Sometimes it was hard to follow which moment in time is shown, because the movie abruptly cuts between three perspectives, therefore even showing some events twice. I hate this - Repetitive: Much scenes are identical or slightly different from another. Flight scenes was like WHO cares. Keeping out the Germans at the front-line is just as much a part of the story of Dunkirk and it would've given us a chance to actually see the enemy and get some awesome battle scenes.This movie is highly overrated, due to many biased Nolan fans and critics. I found it a very boring movie. The lack of an interesting plot or any interesting characters sadly wasn't compensated enough by the impressive audiovisuals. Rescue yourself from boredom and don't watch this movie!"
186,"Is this a scam, or has the capacity to be critical been lost due to the very sensitive and emotional subject of the film. For me, it seems like a joke... How could this momentous and dramatic event in our recent history be presented with so little means and ambition ? From books and historical reports, the boarding was a mess, planes were all over the sky, there were myriads of boats and ships, the beach were left with tons of discarded equipment and weapons... We see none of that. How can you give an idea of what it must have been with only a few sparking clean vintage planes, one small war ship, 12 period fishing or leisure boats... How could so many shots taken on site incorporate 1960's, 70's or even 80's buildings, street furniture, modern container cranes... How can it be night for the scenes at sea, and day for what happens on the beach, in Dover, or in the air at the same time ? How long can a spitfire fly after it has run out of petrol, and still manage to fight... For those who like history, it is a waste of time. For those who like action and war scenes, it can be watched but will be a disappointment For those who seek emotions and a peek at humans behaviour during the event, there is reasonably good acting, in a good British drama tradition. I suggest to wait for one year and watch it on TV where this show belongs."
187,"When I first read about the Dunkirk Evacuation, I was in awe- and the possibilities of exploiting and furthering this particular emotion were boundless in Nolan's 'Dunkirk'. Unfortunately, this movie falls embarrassingly short of its promise. Let's start with the positives.-The acting: In my view, any great war film needs to not just have great characters, but also great ACTORS to portray those characters. In this aspect, Dunkirk shines. The acting is brilliant, as can be expected when your cast features the likes of Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Sir Mark Rylance and Harry Styles(?). There isn't a moment when any character exhibits an emotion out- of-the-ordinary, and there isn't a single actor in the film that falls short of acting talent or ability. -The music: Contrary to a lot of other people, I actually quite enjoyed the background score- the theme of foreshadowing, which is at the center of the movie's premise, is brilliantly explored in the score. Now, to the (rather long) list of negatives: -Redundancy and repetitiveness: As you've probably heard already, Dunkirk's story is told through three perspectives/timelines: The mole (aka land), The sea, and The air. Unfortunately, while this idea holds enormous promise, it only results in redundancy and confusion. There are times in the movie when it is unclear through whose perspective the story is being told, and there are times when scenes become repetitive. This is particularly apparent in the scenes shot in the air. Maybe this was intentional, and if it was, Nolan succeeded here. To me, it just seemed like poor editing and confused direction. This results in the movie seeming exceedingly long for its 1 hour 45 minutes run-time. -The inability to convey the scale of the evacuation: This, for me, was perhaps the most blatant flaw in this movie. You would think after a $150 million budget and the sheer scale of the actual evacuation itself that the movie would truly convey the likely thousands of ships/boats that were involved. This is just not the case. Throughout the film, we probably see maybe ~10 planes and about 20-30 boats/ships. This, in my view, does not do justice to the miracle of the evacuation, and greatly detracts from the promise this film initially had. -The emotionless characters: This, in my view, is the biggest problem with Dunkirk. The thing is, there just isn't enough dialogue, there isn't any background on ANY of the soldiers that makes you empathize with them. The consequence of this is that when a semi-major or major character dies, you don't feel anything. Really, all you think is: Well, I've already seen 100s of random soldiers die anyways, why is this different? Again, maybe this was intentional, maybe the point was to trivialize the deaths of even major characters to the point that they are no different from any of the other deaths. I personally didn't enjoy it very much.All in all, Dunkirk is a film with a lot of promise, and an incredible potential for awe-inspiring characters and story lines. However, its weak character development, and lack of ability to truly convey the enormity of the Dunkirk Evacuation ultimately lead to its downfall, and result in a film that inspires neither empathy nor awe. Very disappointing."
188,"The evacuation of Dunkirk was a miracle. I had wondered what this film would have to say about it that hasn't been shown before. The beach scenes are portrayed as lines of soldiers standing quietly. There are no non-coms screaming orders or keeping order. Everyone is acting like they are waiting for afternoon tea. Air battles: repetitive. The same yellow-nosed Bf-109 gets shot down several times. (Yawn!) And the timing of the air scenes is simply unbelievable. In an effort to create suspense a Heinkel 111 takes nearly five minutes to get close enough to be shot down by a Spit. This is despite closing speeds in excess of 500 mph. Just not believable. Other efforts to create suspense are simply contrivances. The crowning disappointment is the main kick: the miracle of Dunkirk was the response of hundreds upon hundreds of small boat owners, ship owners, ferry crews....ordinary Britons who risked their lives to get anything that floats across the channel to rescue the troops. This is given short shrift, not only in following only one boat, but in so few boats actually being in the film. I don't understand the hype this film has been given. Wait for it to come out on DVD, then don't bother to see it."
189,"There has been a massive hype for this movie on the radio and specifically BBC R2 where, Chris Evans was praising how good this movie was.The movie in my eyes has no real substance. It switches between 3 scenes, It has average to bad music, it doesn't provide any historical background, it has no dialogues, just a few lines and the constant annoying sound at the background is there to supposedly cause suspense, but in contrast it creates anxiety and is uncomfortable to watch or listen to. Last but not least, the film doesn't manage to show the scale of the Dunkirk evacuation. This is my opinion.I am sorry to say that I really struggle to find anything positive about the movie. If they gave a refund at the cinema i would have gone to ask for one. Apparently, paying a lot for advertising nowadays makes a movie a 9/10.. This is frankly sad, but I am glad other people can see the same side of the coin as myself. People that say this movie is a masterpiece, and they give a 10 star rating are deceiving other potential viewers. I give 3 stars because i want to be objective and say that on the graphic side of things there were good graphics."
190,"Nolan has been a storyteller that build his movie on plot rather than character, as the latter were usually just there to move the story along instead of someone to root for. He tried to build fleshed out character in Interstellar and failed to fully portray a human emotion that ultimately renders them unable to be cared about, although he spent the majority of the film trying to get us to care about the characters. In this movie (Dunkirk) he goes back to his usual 'blank-characters and work on plots more' routine and judging by his track record and the lack of clear star actor in the exception of Tom Hardy (who is underutilized and even he didn't bring anything special) anyone coming in the movie expecting a story with no discernible characters are correct. But, what is very confusing is why did he even bother to set up conflicts for these characters (i.e one of the characters from the arc is dead from falling down a stairs (truly) after a certain Cillian Murphy uncharacteristically goes into rampage while he never hinted that the character have violent tendencies due to his shell shock) that requires us to CARE about them in the first place. Okay the 'french- suddenly-thought-to-be-German-Spies- somehow' opened the door that could save some people including the one who were there in the first frame of the film (AKA the young soldier), and that gives us a reason to care when they tried to get him out of the boat while one of the characters tried to stop him and the other are forcing him on gunpoint? If anything, the only tension and dread moment are generated by the score and camera movement and visual. The dialogue itself are..bad. it's on the nose level of exposition, it's uninteresting, and it's just overall unmemorable. Hans Zimmer is a very good composer. How Nolan approach him to do the scores for Interstellar results in a very beautiful score. But his work on Dunkirk is, to say the least, mismatched. To realize that a man like Nolan who insist on shooting his movie on film roll and practical effect would conceive a mismatched, orchestral score that didn't sound grounded and even has techno beat in it that really did not fit the pictures shown. The score is not even memorable, since there's no recognizable theme that would be associated with the movie immediately (such as 'No Time for Caution' in Interstellar or 'Dream is Collapsing' in Inception) and it seems they approach the scoring beat-by-beat rather than working on a certain mood that wants to be conveyed. The visuals are, granted, is beautiful, while there is some poorly lit shot that clearly wasn't meant to be THAT dark. But, it gets tiring after a while due to Nolan's tendencies to reuse the same shot but just from different angle and different object to focus on (like seriously why do we keep seeing the right side of the cockpit on Tom Hardy's plane, is the left gone or something?). On the plus note, the production design and sound editing are of the highest quality. Wouldn't be surprised if it will receive an award or two in that department. The movie takes the theme of survival as an event rather than a state of emotion. It renders the movie to be stone-cold in it's tense moment and dull in it's calm moment (which there is little of), and become something you'd just behold and hear and hopefully immerse yourself in it. But due to his forced effort to make us care about this nameless character, and other reason that is stated above, this could be the least interesting of Nolan's film. I don't see anyone will analyze it's story or direction or even it's color scheme which is downright limited in the coming time. I don't see it as a classic in Nolan's filmography. I see a list of things Nolan should address and wonder where to improve his next project."
191,"Expected so much after all the hype but left feeling that I'd wasted valuable the time.Glorified garbage which concentrates purely on the German aircraft strafing the beach and not what really happened and the mass slaughter that occurred on the edge of the same beach. The movie spends the second half concentrating on one family who take part in the rescue, easily leaving the dock which is now in Naval hands and then a very boring trip to Dunkirk in which the father lost his son to a rescued soldier who was freaking out and yet no one blinked a eyelid. Utter garbage, just another film Warner Bros has spent vast sums of money creating a story about nothing and marketed with a similar budget."
192,"This movie gave me seasickness that lasted an hour afterwards! And no, I wasn't sitting in one of the Cineplex immersive ""D-BOX"" moving seats, just in a surround-sound ""UltraAVX"" theatre. I should have closed my eyes for periods of the camera movement.The rotation among scenes was a game attempt to make up for a skimpy script. Much of the dialogue and acting was realistic - leaving quite a lot that wasn't. Also, some technical details were puzzling, such as scenes in which one might expect the characters, boats and ships to be hurrying, yet instead they seemed to be dawdling, perhaps to fill the film out; and ships appeared to be at anchor in the middle of battle.Not sure why anyone would want to watch this movie, even though a lot of money obviously went into making it. Need convincing that we should avoid war? As a companion said, ""If this had been on television, I would have turned it off."""
193,"As expected of a Christopher Nolan movie, Dunkirk has beautiful cinematography. I enjoyed the sometimes dizzying shots of the airplanes and the ocean but it made me appreciate the range of filming. However the movie itself was devoid of a plot. I understand Nolan was aiming for a movie geared towards survival of the soldiers, but I was not particularly moved by their struggles. The plot was too scattered for me. For instance, I was under the impression that the movie started out with ""the mole"", which was later referenced to, but never followed up on, which confused me very much as to what they were aiming for in terms of the story line. The fighting scenes were drawn out WAY too much and could have easily been cut down by 30 minutes so that I didn't have to watch 2 hours of essentially nothing. Also, the pounding music was suspenseful in the beginning but eventually began to hurt my ears.Also, as a side note,I later read on the actual events on Dunkirk and learned that Indian soldiers had a significant contribution in the events at Dunkirk, as they were a colony under the British Raj at that time. Nolan claimed that he didn't want to politicize the movie, but I don't understand how not including Indian soldiers would have politicized the movie. Thus it gave me the impression that in spite of beautiful graphics, I was yet again watching another stereotypical movie with white people saving the day during a war at the core of the movie, while pushing aside the contributions of other people. It might not matter to a lot of people but I would have personally liked to see SOME historical accuracy, along with a better stitched plot to keep me more engaged *yawn*"
194,"When a movie is based on actual historical content, it's hard not to go into it without having certain expectations. From what I knew on the battle of Dunkirk, I was expecting a gripping story on the heroic effort and sacrifices made by the French Army on the defensive line to keep the Germans at bay long enough for hundreds of thousands of British and Allied troops to escape; to live to fight another day and win the war. I was expecting to be awed by a true appreciation for the grand scale of evacuating hundreds of thousands of soldiers under enormous pressure. And while I understand going into a movie with high expectations isn't always a good idea, it's hard not to expect anything less than an impressive story, particularly when you know that story is true.Although the movie had initially appeared to be ready to deliver on these expectations, it didn't take me very long at all to realize that, sadly, Dunkirk would ultimately fail to deliver on any of it.There were no battles on the defensive line and air battles were portrayed in this film in a way that made German pilots seem like unworthy adversaries; easier to shoot down than ducks in an Atari video game. The film also fell disappointingly short on portraying the true scope of the operation. I've seen longer lines of people waiting to buy the new iPhone than the lines of soldiers portrayed on the beaches awaiting evacuation.I had found it disappointing that 20 minutes into the film I was still wondering what the plot was on a story I was already familiar with. The lack of dialog was also so obvious and overdone that I had started to grow annoyed by it.In the end, I was left wondering why this movie received so much hype and such high ratings. The only possible explanation I could provide is that there must be an awful lot of people out there who like to analyze movies scene by scene, in a DIY director's cut fashion, so that they can offer an interpretation on what they think the director is trying to portray though his artistic creativity, because these high ratings seem to have absolutely nothing to do with this actually being an entertaining movie.Director Christopher Nolan seemed too lazy and bothered to even halfheartedly attempt to deliver on anything that made the battle of Dunkirk so historically significant, choosing instead to focus far too much on creating some new kind of Tarantino/Pulp Fiction-esque piece of story telling that Hollywood elites and snobby critics can adore him for."
195,"You take 5 planes, 5-8 ships, an empty beach and some men and then you call it Dunkirk. How can this movie cost so much? There is no action and nothing historical about this movie. You just wait and wait for anything to happen but no. There is nothing of the horror the soldiers had to go through and at no fighting at all. I was so disappointed and bored during this movie."
196,"The last truly bad WWII film I ever saw was The Thin Red Line. Dunkirk seems to want to compete for that spot, but still comes in slightly ahead.I like Nolan, I really do. Interstellar was one of my favorite movies, Inception was great and I loved his recreation of Batman. I also love WWII movies, Band of Brothers being one of the best stories ever to grace the screen, in my opinion. The entire time watching this movie, though, there was one nagging question I had: What if Spielberg directed this?Chris Nolan really isn't suited to take on a film like this. Dunkirk is a historical drama, about one of the greatest feats in WWII. This has two strikes against Nolan; one is that it's a historical drama, unlike the rest of his portfolio. The second is that WWII is, by its very nature an ""R"" rated period (so to speak) and Nolan seems to thrive in semi-tame PG-13 violence.""War is Hell""... yet nowhere in this movie do we ever sense that. There's a huge difference between gratuitous violence and realism, mind you and I am not promoting the former. Steven Spielberg is the master of understanding this. Some of his movies are rather violent, yet they use that to drive home the plot and atmosphere of the film. Chris Nolan really, really, desperately needs to take some notes from Spielberg in this area if he wants to be a true master of his art. The desire to stick to this catch-all, watered down PG-13 cash- cow rating, almost seems forced, considering the time period and the topic covered.Realistic ""R"" rating aside, the tedium of the movie sets in rather quickly. Had I not paid money to see it, and waited for its TV release, I would have changed the channel about 15 minutes in.This story sets itself up for about half of the film. It takes that long just to understand the characters, their motivations, their situations even their names. Once that's done, the movie starts to show us some promise and hopes to drops us into action, but ends up easing us down gently. Critics may commend Nolan for keeping an even momentum, not letting one part overpower the next - unfortunately it carries the momentum of a brick wall.The history of Dunkirk is a fine example of human will and strength, it just doesn't make for a gripping story. The events that this movie cover, can be summed up in about 2 pages of a text book, not an entire novel nevermind a 2 hour movie!A book editor once told me that you should always focus on telling the most interesting moment of a character's life. While the evacuation is interesting, in this movie, it seems the most interesting moments took place just before the events it covers. How did 400,000 soldiers end up getting pushed back to the sea? What battles were fought that drove them so far? What tactics failed so catastrophically?Dunkirk tells half a story, with the more interesting half taking place before the movie starts. The two hours of this movie could have easily been compressed into 1 hour, with another 2 hours telling the larger story of how the events transpired that led to this point.Acting wise it's hard to tell. Mark Rylance almost revisits his role as the Russian spy, Rudolf Able in (a much better film) Bridge of Spies. It works. His calm demeanor, yet screen presence is felt and you do make some connection with his character. Of course, that may also be because his character has one of the larger speaking roles throughout the entire film.The rest of the actors are wasted, especially Kenneth Branagh, who has proved himself, time and time again, to be an ""actor's actor"", but has been almost sidelined for the duration of this movie.I would recommend waiting for this film to reach a cable channel before you fork out the $12+ for a ticket if I would recommend this movie at all. As it stands, do yourself a favor and binge watch Band of Brothers in order to get a much more rewarding WWII experience."
197,"I was so looking forward to seeing this film. While I can appreciate a different approach at this genre, I just didn't get it. The first half of the film was at times utterly boring. I struggled to stay awake. Things do get a bit better as the film progresses. At the end of the film I had such an empty feeling. After seeing classics such as Saving Private Ryan, the Pianist, Enemy at the Gates, etc. Dunkirk pales in comparison. Dunkirk reminds me a bit of the Blair Witch Project which was a new approach at the horror genre which was a total failure. At least the cinematography was good."
198,"Mediocre movie...this director obviously does not understand human emotions (inception...who was the ""baddy""?)...this film seems like he has read up on them...and then went overboard! Smaltzy..stupid in bits, it's like nothing so much as a 90s UK GUINNESS advert...I don't think you had them in USA? ""Good things come to those who wait""?... https://youtu.be/Y9znA_dwjHw The film was almost exactly like one of these adverts...right down to the scene at the end where the soldiers are handed beers....I almost expected that tagline to pop up! Soldiers commuting suicide at Dunkirk? Spitfire pilots allowing themselves to run out of fuel? Soldiers ""hiding"" in a boat? A naval commander spending the whole film alone on a pier... Miles from any communications, was this a bad metaphor?? The music...maybe it was well written, but it was overused to the point of irritation...""oh, I'm supposed to feel tense now? Thanks music!"""
199,"For all the hype surrounding this movie, it was a dismal disappointment! I don't doubt for a moment that the battle for Dunkirk was grueling and tremendously heart-wrenching, nor do I diminish the sacrifices of those genuinely embroiled in this part of the war. The film lacks real continuity, genuinely embraceable characters, and ethos. In the entire film there were but 4 characters who even warrant the viewers' regard. The artistic panache of Kenneth Brannaugh is wasted in this drawn-out, mishmash of cinematography and monotonous soundtrack by Zimmer!War films, such as ""Gettysburg"", ""We Were Soldiers"" and ""Pearl Harbor"" tell episodes of war better than this celluloid catastrophe.God bless those who sacrificed their lives at Dunkirk. Your memories deserve far better than Nolan's self-aggrandizing ""epic""."
200,"Being an avid war film fan, I was beyond excited seeing the trailer for Dunkirk and couldn't wait until it hit theatres. To say I was disappointed is an understatement. By the end of the film, I was actually mad. I have to agree with some of the reviewers here who've stated that many of these glowing reviews are paid for, because what they're describing isn't even the same film.Before the artsy-fartsy daggers come out--no, I don't need tons of backstory to feel invested in the characters. It's war, it's brutal, and I can surmise what it must be like for these brave souls. But when I come out the film and can't remember a single character's name (or worse, even care about them), that's just crap storytelling. Art should inspire a connection. This left me devoid of anything to be honest.Scale...I may as well have been watching a tiny pocket of some soldiers, fighting some war, taking place somewhere. Part of what's so astonishing and inspiring about Dunkirk was its sheer scale. This insipid attempt to condense it to bite-sized POVs is insulting. You would expect at the end when the character (I literally can't remember his name) began reading Churchill's announcement to be roused by emotion. But since the film didn't generate any, and the delivery was so bland, it didn't even click with me what he was reading until I heard, ""We shall fight on the beaches."" Lastly, a film doesn't have to be linear so I don't mind differing time lines. This however, was like some art-house, ""look at how cool I play with time"" film school project. I'm sorry...GAWD I'm sorry... but this was bad. I think about 100+ reviews explained why it doesn't work.Storytelling has been used by our species for centuries to share POVs, be morality tales, entertain screaming kids who won't sleep...you get the picture. NONE of that happens if your audience doesn't connect with the story. This was an experiment and indulgence. A $150M indulgence and waste of viewers' time and money. Shame on you."
201,"For grey-haired Brexiteers like me, weaned upon a diet of 1950's British stiff-upper-lipped-ness (BSULN), a modern movie re-kindling that - now long lost - spirit was surely a must-see. I hadn't been to the cinema in donkeys' years; put off not so much by modern movies (which are bad enough) but by audiences of ignorant huge-headed bag-crackling crisp-crunching gas-bags who came to ruin the whole experience. And with a comfy chair, big HD telly and unlimited Stella, it would take something special to prise me off the cushions and fork out over £13(!). Well, if any word might do it; ""Dunkirk"" might. If ever a word conjures up notions of legendary BSULN - Dunkirk is that conjurer's word. I have a DVD of the much cherished 1950's version featuring those grandees of wartime spunk, John Mills and Dickie Attenborough, not to mention a reassuring dollop of Bernard Lee. It's an excellent work from start to finish. Every aspect of the great debacle and culminating ""miracle"" is included and carefully edited into a coherent story, from home-grown civilian cynicism about the ""phoney"" war, the collapsing French defence, discussions at High-Command, desperate British regrouping, French refugees, mountains of abandoned logistics, slaughter on the beaches and final deliverance. It ain't no masterpiece, but it's a very coherent, sterling work of typically understated performances, representing people with sufficient depth that you can care about them and their fate; all re-created by character actors who actually experienced both the war and the times.Cut to yesterday. This modern take on the great event is shallow in the extreme. Oh-sure; the combat scenes are visceral enough with sound levels fit to cause tinnitus, but coherent story telling? believable characters? An overview of the great historical event? Forget it! Considering the makers of this movie had almost unlimited funds and CGI, this should've resembled a Cecil B Demille epic. There were supposed to be over 350,000 allied soldiers trapped in Dunkirk! I swear I've seen more people in Tesco's at Christmas than are depicted here. The beaches seem practically empty. And those people to whom we are introduced appear two-dimensional, like cardboard cut-outs.The ""collapse"" is depicted by about half a dozen British Tommies walking negligently through suburbs, evidently unaware of the war, only to be mown down. One survives and encounters the French rear-guard. That's it. Time for a crap on the dunes. They're deserted, so what the hell? After that, there's a series of small set-piece conflicts drawn progressively together by the choppiest editing I've ever witnessed. All the characters are two-dimensional and unexplained. There's no back-fill story at all. A quite disproportionate amount of time is spent aloft with the RAF. Three whole Spitfires are presented almost reverentially, as if they alone turned the military tide. They skirmish with bombers and fighters, shooting down all they encounter with one quick burst of gunfire. The last one, running out of fuel, gracefully lands on the beaches of Dunkirk, in mellow westering sunlight, as the strains of Nimrod from Elgar's Enigma Variations grind away at half speed. It's frankly mythologising of the most juvenile kind. I almost laughed. (And incidentally; that Spitfire was travelling northeast along the Belgian coast, so the sun would have to be setting in the opposite direction!)If you're a millennial - the sort who wanders vacantly about the streets gaping into the screen of a mobile phone; someone with no more depth of character than those depicted here; raised upon revisionary history and brain-washed into being a bien pensant of the glorious European Union, this movie will seem as authentic as your friends on Facebook. But if you're of an earlier generation; you might want to watch the 1950's version at home, on the big telly, with the unlimited Stella. It's better in every way."
202,"I honestly believe that if I had started a shouting ""boo"" at the end of this movie, I'd have had a large chorus in support. What the heck?Three different time lines of differing duration, where we are forcibly jumped back and forth without warning? It's daytime! No, wait, it's night. Oops! It's day again...hang on to the popcorn Martha, it's night again. Hey, wait a second... didn't that boat just sink?Whatever genius Nolan has inserted into this film is lost in the mishmash. I left not caring for a single character. I was wondering just how long a spitfire out of gas can glide? Apparently it's far longer on screen than might be the case otherwise.The good? A very promising opening. The bad... everything else, including the music."
203,"*Please understand my rating is to compensate for the absurd amount of high ratings this film has gotten based on what I suppose is mere hype and anticipation. Because nothing in the film is more interesting than a silent WWII Documentary. I'm a huge fan of Nolan's work. I was excited to see his latest in Dunkirk. It may be the worst film he's made. And I think- if you place any director with half the notoriety on the bill... this movie gets a 7.0 rating at best. But. With Nolan's name attached, people decide it's a masterpiece before viewing it- and they wouldn't change their opinion after.There's no story. There's no character worth noting or caring about. There's no way to know what exactly is happening in many of the scenes due to the choppy editing... and every character seeming to be from the same clone-machine. (seriously- how many dark-haired guys with the same haircut can you squeeze into a single casting?)It's monotone, it's repetitive, it's essentially the same scene for 2 hours... and that'd be fine if something notable happens- but it never does. There's never a moment where you care. Never a moment that hits you in the form of empathy, suspense, etc. It's essentially like Nolan wanted to play with a few boats, planes, and do it at the beach... and he filmed it. It's been a long time since I've ever looked away from a screen and twiddled my thumbs wondering if something was going to happen or if it would just end if not... but I caught myself looking around the theater often. If I had a watch, I would have checked it. Spoilers:About the only notable moment that SHOULD draw some sort of reaction from audience members, is an extremely odd scuffle on board where a boy falls what looks to be 5ft to the floor below... and somehow loses his eyesight, somehow seems on his deathbed, and then dies... None of it makes sense, and the execution seems lazy and forced at the same time. The dad doesn't care. The guy responsible doesn't really care. The brother seems to care... for about 10 seconds. This part could have been cut from the film completely and wouldn't change anything. Much like a lot of the film. The film is essentially the trailer... over... and over.... and over again. Even Hans Zimmer, who is usually brilliant, completely misses the mark on this one. He's trying to force suspenseful sounds and noise where the film simply doesn't match up with action. How do you show the harshness of war while basically showing no one in pain? The closest thing we get to that is a few people drowning- but is flooding the real nightmare of war? You'd think so. It's truly the only fearful antagonist in this film. Water. And how many times can we watch soldiers stacked in bundles stare up at the sky, seemingly as bored as I was watching them, only to have a few water-balloon efficient bombs fall around them? The editing was all over the place. Continuity issues everywhere. Daylight one second- dawn the next, back to daylight... the cuts would randomly shift to another area of soldiers that look exactly like the previous... sometimes in repeat scenes (which wasn't consistent enough to read), sometimes in time shifts... and none of it is really justified other than Nolan stroking himself to the millions he suckered everyone for here. Possibly the most boring film I've seen in years. Incredibly disappointing effort by Nolan. OH! Positive: It's pretty. For about 30 minutes. Then you're pretty tired of watching the monotone screensaver'esque takes that never seem to vary, with no contrast."
204,"Normally I love this kind of wartime historic movie but it was absolutely terrible, just a total Turkey. Dunkirk is a infamous piece of British history, it was a disaster like the film !The filming itself is reasonably good, but the biggest thing that lets it down is the soundtrack. Hans Zimmer should be fired ! It is constant relentless noisy drone through literally every single scene, that adds nothing and which totally ruins it. When it switches from one scene to another the same drone continues ! It is doesn't feel in any way 1940s, and neither does it feel British or French apart from the very last scene, but by then I was glad to get out. At the very least the entire soundtrack should be changed.There is almost no speaking or chit chat at all by any of the characters so you know nothing about them not even their names. Again not natural. Even in the very first scene when he arrives on the beach and takes a drink from another soldier. They don't even speak which isn't natural and just not what British people do. Strange stuff also happens in that the young lad seems ill and then dies on the boat but there is no clue why ? Has he been shot ? You don't see anyone German at all other than another bomber or another Stuka. The film could have been so good in that the scenes themselves look okay(ish) but it just doesn't work as a film. When all the little ships arrive together this was quite nice, and one of the main legends of Dunkirk but they don't make enough of this. In conclusion save your money and watch it on TV instead but only if you are a real WW2 buff.If you want to see a real genuine movie about how it was flying Spitfires etc then watch the Battle of Britain film, hint they don't fly until they run out of fuel, It is literally about 5 minutes for a Spitfire to fly back across the English channel to refuel."
205,"The first thing I heard about this film was some moronic SJW uproar about ""lack of diversity"" aka too many white people in the film and not enough women or people of color. The leftist lunacy never ends. This made me want to support the film even more, so I rushed out and watched it. Sadly, I found the film incredibly flat, devoid of much power amid all the amazing scenes, cinematography and effects. It seemed to lack...direction, or perhaps it was bad editing, but unlike other recent war flicks like Hacksaw Ridge (which was great save the meaningless love angle) Dunkirk was just not very compelling. It was like watching a series of scenes which looked great but had no cohesion as a complete film. Also, the soundtrack was freaking horrible. More annoying than suspense building, the repetition of the ""music"" did nothing but make those scenes less dramatic."
206,"I've just come from seeing Dunkirk, and I would say that it would have been no colossal loss not seeing it. I nearly left on account of the music several times. It was dragging, tense, and full of disharmony throughout nearly the entire movie. If you've no seen it yet, I would suggest that it's not worth the price of admission. There's my 2¢."
207,"Technically, the movie was strong. But that's about it.Watching the movie felt like as if everyone involved with the movie knew very well that since the topic is something that touches an entire generation of people around the world and the sheer scale and significance of the event the movie allegedly portrays, people will and should just slurp it up. Who cares about the story and how it unfolds? Why work on it when we'll just keep showing the horrors of war using nice VFX? People are BOUND to say it's good or they'll be called insensitive.Zero efforts were made in storytelling. It was not a movie and neither was it a documentary. No story to call it the former and not enough facts to call it the latter. It was just a cheap effort slapped up together to have a sure shot way of earning profits.And why shouldn't they? Look at the raving reviews calling it a masterpiece. They do it because it works."
208,"My informal summary was: ""a load of crap"".I could appreciate the wonderfully filmed set pieces, but the overall work was a mess.First off the tripartite switching between Air:1 hour, Sea:1 day, Land:1 week, just didn't work. All 3 sections lost any sense of continuity, and you were left with a jumble of brief scenarios. For me this was particularly the case with the ""Air"" segments which just became boring interludes.The other really bad decision, for me, was the choice of the incidents shown. They were just populist trivia that didn't give any sense of the actual battle. For instance, the ""small ship"" is obviously based on a well known case. But the circumstances were completely changed and sensationalised do it gave no insight into the actual events - and where did the manslaughter of the young kid come from??? This segment is actually an insult to the RN who organised and in most cases manned this aspect of the evacuation.In contrast to the Air section, which was drawn out, the Land section was just a kaleidoscope of jumbled incidents that gave no sense of the passing of time (the evacuation took a week). There was supposed to be a minimal story line, but even so the uniform switching French guy and the prolonged hiding in an abandoned ship were pretty dumb, and where did the idea of ""3 hour tides"" come from. It was all pretty ridiculous, and furthermore the series of silly events, meant that there was no serious attempt to tie the ""immersive effects"" to any basis in the reality of Dunkirk itself."
209,"A wise man once told me ""the Majority is always wrong"" and if you doubt this. All you need to do is watch this travesty of a movie which is an insult to the intelligence of everyone who paid to see this movie.No plot, no character development, no dialogue for god sakes, I would be stunned if anybody leaving the theater even knew the names of any character in this ""movie""now I may not be Roger Ebert, but aren't those things I mentioned pretty much essential to ANY movie? Is it technically amazing as some have stated? perhaps, but I could stare at a Windows 10 background and get the same visuals, the movies need an actual story, actual plot advancement.The entire movie consisted of basically 2 scenes, a plane flying, and a ship leaking, the end. my entire section was falling asleep. For me, this was Christopher Nolan living off his name, and critics being paid off, the great reviews that this film has gotten is an affront to the intelligence of the movie goers, and is completely absurd. By far the worst film of Christopher Nolan, and one of the worst of the year, which means it'll probably win an Oscar. What a joke."
210,"Wow, what a letdown. War movies are usually this confusing. But come on? Seeing Cillain Murphy on boat (shell shocked) and then seconds later pushing kids back in water saying be back. Was told it was a different TL. Well what other different TLs were then? No movie should be that confusing! Not 1 seen German all movie yet shooting or shooting practice? Lol. Ya that's even confusing. Never see who was shooting at boat. Or Hardy partner that left or landed in ocean. Still not sure if guy who couldn't get outta boat was with Hardy crew? He who was low on fuel at beginning of movie and 2 plus hours later still flying. This not a review. This a questionaire. And ohh ya when then loud ass build up music does every 10 minute and nothing happens? Kinda gets annoying after 7th time! Think Nolans good but this was terrible or at least most overrated movie ever"
211,"My wife and I left about 80 minutes into the movie. The first 10 minutes shows a pair of soldiers trying to get off the beach on to a boat to England by any way possible, fair or foul. It shows planes flying in formation, breaking off formation, a pilot's eye view of a hard turn, a close up of the pilot, and some gunfire from a plane. It shows the goings-on aboard a small civilian boat heading to Dunkirk to rescue trapped soldiers. It shows a military boat sinking from a bomb or a torpedo, men jumping overboard, and others struggling not to drown. The next ten minutes shows the same thing, as does the next ten minutes, the ten minutes after that, and ... you get the idea. After about our fourth round of ""we've seen this already, and this is going nowhere"", we left. The ""trapped underwater"" scenes are very disturbing even if deaths are avoided or not shown.The beach, sea and aerial scenes are on different timelines that I assume converge at the end, but it can be very disorienting to jump from day to night and back again between scenes not knowing where the three timelines are relative to one another. There were a few instances of coming into a scene knowing exactly what was about to happen because you had already seen it on another timeline.I've seen 60-second commercials with more dialog and character development than this movie had 80 minutes in. What a waste of time and money."
212,"There are no spoilers in this review. We know how the whole thing ends or, if you don't, stop reading and get a history book. This film is not the way to learn anyway.I had high hopes of Dunkirk. People were saying it is a great film. I remain baffled as to why. I did not quite want to walk out of Dunkirk, but I was bored and I can't say I enjoyed it. It has too many fundamental failings. Here's why.Firstly (let's start with something positive), the good points.There is a bit of spectacular photography. Some of the shots of ships are well done.The acting - Having said that there's not a lot of ""acting"" at all. Come to think of it there should be a lot more ""acting"". The characters should be more terrified, angry, resilient, defiant, chipper etc. None of this comes across but I think that's the director's fault, not the actors'.There are some interesting vignettes. They stand alone as well-executed scenes but, as I'll discuss later, they don't add up to much.Er, that's about it.Now, the things that just added up to make the film annoying, dull and uninvolving.Characterisation - I just wasn't invested in any of the characters. The ""lead"" in the form of the soldier that we follow through the trials and tribulations of the evacuation is just not a sympathetic character. He is a chancer trying to get ahead of the queue. Quite apart from the fact that he's certainly not representative of the troops at Dunkirk, it's unnecessary; he's a weasely little character when there's a much bigger story going on. The rest of the characters are largely two-dimensional. The sub-plot on the boat, brings in another unsympathetic character, is difficult to believe in, is a distraction and has nothing to do with the evacuation. If we needed character sub-plots, we'd have been much better off looking at the people back home in England, their fears, motivations etc. and we'd understand the story of Dunkirk better.There is also no sense of the real fear, desperation, defiance etc that must have been foremost in the minds of the men on the beach. In fact there is very little emotion in the film at all. We follow a couple of soldiers about for a bit but we get no sense that men are awaiting the lottery of the next Luftwaffe bombing raid, losing their comrades or wondering if they will get home to their wives or whether a Panzer division is about to come over the horizon.Scale - there is absolutely NO sense of the scale of the evacuation. The actual evacuation involved some 400,000 men. We see very few... really, very few. We hear a man on a stretcher takes the space of seven standing men but the ships leaving the harbour are clearly not full; there are just a few guys standing by the railings. At Dunkirk, men were so crammed onto ships they had to leave their backpacks behind. Surely the budget could have run to a few more extras or a bit of CGI. We see three British aeroplanes and a couple of German ones! Story - there is no real story to invest in. Quite apart from the intensely annoying non-linear narrative, there is no sense of what actually happened at Dunkirk. We never get to understand why it happened, why the commanders did what they did or what choices they had, the RAF's role, the French army's role, how the fleet of little ships came about, why Hitler didn't attack by land or anything really.Non-linear narrative - oh my goodness me! Why? Don't get me wrong I enjoy a well-constructed non-linear narrative, but this isn't it. The story jumps around for no readily apparent reason. We see things twice but then there are two planes at one point so we're not quite sure if it's the first plane or the second one. It's a mess. Again, some interesting little vignettes but not adding up to any coherent story we can invest in.And then there are all the other little nit-picking bits that made the film annoying and distracting. A soldier salutes a very senior colonel without his hat on (not done!) and then casually imparts a load of information without once saying ""Sir"". Would a senior naval officer in 1940 really say ""we're stuffed""? Spitfires could fire their guns for a total of about 17 seconds and did not have apparently unlimited ammunition, nor could they keep flying with no engine. If a plane passes you at altitude (at what? 120-150mph?) and then ditches, it will not be 100 yards or so from your boat, it'll be well over a mile away. How is the boat captain an expert in German aerial tactics; his explanation makes no sense. When you're not invested in a film, you notice these things.Oh yes and other people have commented on the score. What score? It's just noise except for the final section is it supposed to be rousing or patriotic? It's just Elgar's Nimrod played at about 1/4 speed. Score by Hans Zimmer?.. not really.So all in all while this film does have one or two moments. It adds up to considerably less than the sum of its parts. I had started giving this three stars but the more I think about it, I don't think it's worth even that. Not only could it have been so much more, it's actually quite a badly made film. Why on earth are people giving it high ratings?"
213,"I really cannot think of anything positive to say about this movie except for having Spitfires in it. But even as much as I love Spitfires they couldn't save this movie. Clichéd, characterless, frustrating, unoriginal, technically wrong in so many ways etc etc. Sometimes just telling a great story is enough without all the arty cinematography done to death. A macro story turned into a micro characterless tale. Watch the original 1958 version instead, better in every way except there are no Spitfires in it."
214,"Where to start tearing this catastrophic movie apart? Many viewers will probably like the storytelling showing the same event from different angles and personal stories. This idea is copied from Kieslowski's Trois Couleurs-trilogy. There is an obvious search for fear of death by drowning or sinking with a ship in a closed locked space, but it just doesn't work. Other movies like Das Boot is a masterpiece of this, but Dunkirk isn't able to copy the feeling at all. Other points: 1. Why film a beach side street in a small French town, but do not even bother to edit out the modern buildings? 2. Show a bunch of private yachts in a harbour. Many of the boats are from the wrong era. 3. Almost 100 000 soldiers died in Dunkirk. This is not depicted in any way. It is an important part of the real story. 4. Wikipedia: ""The loss of materiel on the beaches was huge. The British Army left enough equipment behind to equip about eight to ten divisions. Discarded in France were, among huge supplies of ammunition, 880 field guns, 310 guns of large caliber, some 500 anti- aircraft guns, about 850 anti-tank guns, 11,000 machine guns, nearly 700 tanks, 20,000 motorcycles, and 45,000 motor cars and lorries. "" However in the movie we see a few rows of boxes on an otherwise clean beach.5. Both sides lost over a hundred aircraft in Dunkirk. A loss of over a hundred planes means thousands of missions were flown during those days. Yet we see 5-6 in the movie and at most 3 in the sky at a given time. 6. Men hide in a fishing boat and wait for the tide to return and float the boat again. Germans are ""target practicing"" at the boat. Water comes in through a few rifle caliber holes. Yet more holes appear under the existing ones. So the Germans are target practicing and shooting way under the waterline of the boat? What rifle shoots a hole in a metal bulkhead through one meter depth? Then the men are able to plug the holes with anything else than their fingers? While textile or almost any material could be used to plug them and avoid sinking. Plot or real stupidity? 7. The sounds were surprisingly low quality. Rifle shots do not sound like real rifle shots. The Rolls Royce on the Spitfire is off too. Hearing it live is a majestic experience, but in the movie it's not even close. Honestly I'm not sure if the cinema had their sound system tuned wrong or if it was the movie, but although I'm not much into music it bothered me throughout the movie. War is hell. This movie is like a slow funeral."
215,"As a fan of Nolan's works, I have to say that this one was a disappointment. I wasn't going to write a review either, seeing how many have been written already, but I feel like I should. Okay, so here's the deal, for what I gathered, you'll either hate it or love it. Unfortunately, I'm one of those who hated it. Okay, hate is a strong word, so let's say that I was bored by it. The first half hour you just wait to see what will happen and for the story to kick in. But, after forty minutes in, you finally realise that the story is there, you just didn't see it. I have to read some reviews to finally get a grasp of what was happening, as the description doesn't really prepare you. After that, it's just a boring movie about ships getting sank and no dialogues. No dialogues would have mean a gold mine of rich emotional performances, but not in this case. The performances were blunt and the emotions just no where to be seen. So, what's left is a disappointing ending and the credits. Overall, I give this one a 2 because the story may have been there, but it wasn't presented nicely enough for me to see it. Plus, there was no thrill in it to keep me interest nor emotion."
216,You know this movie is really really boring I advice to just save you 10 box and 2 hours of your life. Rather watch paint dry because then you can at least understand the story of a paints life going from wet to dry. Time is can't be reversed so don't waist it on this movie!!!! I advice to just read a book about Dunkirk because then maybe you well be able to understand it better. Hope this helped you. Also the UK don't know how to make military movies at all at least the Americans make it interesting
217,"This movie was all over the place and extremely boring. Lots of overly dramatic build up and then it sputters out like one of the Spitfire's landing in the sea. There really were no leading characters, just different story lines that merge together in the end. I did not feel the fear or suspense of the retreating soldiers like some of the positive reviews have said. I understand that not every war movie needs to be gratuitously violent and rather tell a story, but the characters really had nothing that can excite or interest a viewer. Most of the characters are extremely boring and show little to no emotion. The one shell-shocked soldier portrayed seems almost forced. I never really cared about anyone because they were all severely undeveloped characters. I don't even know any of their names because they were so forgettable. Lacks in action and story. I am sure that their is a great story to tell about Dunkirk, but this movie didn't deliver."
218,"The most remarkable about Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is that he entirely missed the whole story of Dunkirk which was about these tiny private boats, thousands of them, piloted by citizen-sailors rescuing hundreds of thousands of cornered British troops. This became a huge rallying point for the Brits before the Blitz when ordinary Britons actually saved 270,000 men. For most of Nolan's Dunkirk he focuses on Mark Rylance who appears to be out in the middle of the English Channel all by himself. In reality, the private fleet was a massive flotilla. If you live on the west coast of the US, imagine every private boat in LA Harbor, Long Beach and Newport emptied into the Catalina Channel. That's what Dunkirk was like. Where are all those CG effects when you really need them? Instead, Nolan seems more interested in effects that show troop transport ships being torpedoed and breached which is NOT the real story of Dunkirk. And that's not saying anything about Cillan Murphy's pointless flashbacks or Tom Hardy's silly Hollywood RAF pilot who shoots down German fighters without fuel or an engine. If you judge a film by the actual events that inspired it this is not inspired work - just another bloated CG spectacle with an over-mixed soundtrack, a much advertised 70mm picture, and in selected theaters, vibrating seats. Seriously. In that sense, Dunkirk is not a bad IMAX film - if only it were an hour shorter. If you want to see a good Dunkirk film, dig up the Dunkirk from 1958 with John Mills. A far superior piece of cinema."
219,"Ever since its release, Dunkirk has garnered more than the usual share of column inches granted a movie in the UK press. I can only assume that it has a special resonance for the English audience. Maybe it's all tied into Brexit, and other things that many Americans don't understand.I for one don't understand how British GIs, who'd been serially defeated by their adversaries, and had been on the run for over a month, could maintain their schoolboy haircuts and find time to shave every day. The English equivalent of Hollywood's Central Casting must have been pressed into service: The BEF appears to have been an army of heartthrobs, so much so that halfway through I figured the movie was produced with a gay audience in mind.The retreating Brits must have had an extraordinary quartermaster, because the Tommies sport uniforms with nary a tear or a smudge. Although I can't claim any combat experience, my overall impression is that people bleed when they're shot, and that battlefields resemble smelly junkyards littered with body parts. In Christopher Nolan's vision of war, even the dead are well-groomed. One might think that following media coverage of terrorist attacks, audiences would be bemused at the sight of cadavers that looked like the undertakers had just finished getting them ready for the viewing. That PG-13 rating must require an awful lot of sanitizing.And who, may I ask, kept the Germans at bay so the BEF could evacuate? You'd never guess it from the movie. It was the much-maligned French army; maybe even worse led than that of their ally's. Casualties were heavy among those left behind. After a particularly brutal march to Trier, Germany, survivors spent the next five years as POWs or forced laborers.The genuine heroism of the little guys who piloted their boats across the channel is sadly rendered mawkish by wooden performances and painful clichés. And the CGI that several reviewers rave about looked to me like cartoons; in fact, the whole feature has an animated feel. Toward the end of the movie, my mind wandered, and a rogue thought conjured up memories of Rob Reiner's This is Spinal Tap, in particular the bit where narrator ""Marty DiBergi"" describes the faux heavy metal group as one of England's loudest bands. If there's an Oscar for decibels, then Dunkirk is a shoo-in."
220,"Obviously a lot was left out of this story: dialogue, plot, women, and dead fish. I could attempt to justify my opinion but by now you've seen the film. The story could have been valiantly told a million different ways with millions of different story lines; this is not a valiant effort. I kept wondering when a magic voice would make sense of the action and what the Hell it had to do with anything. Sorry, no 'out of the blue' explanation for most of the disjointed visual sequences. Usually I would welcome a Director's cut but in this movie's case ..... Great special effects though. Give the CGI group a standing ovation."
221,"Dunkirk, more like Dung-Crap! I have no idea why this movie received good reviews. Let me start with the good. This movie looked and sounded great in I-Max, and I saw this movie on $5 Tuesday. That's the end of the good. Now to the bad. This movie had no characters. I felt zero emotional connection to anyone in this movie. I didn't care if anyone lived or died or anything. Mark Rylance's (the BFG) character was the only one who was halfway interesting. He was the only character who had a decent amount of dialogue in the film, who had a clear goal, and who made decisions. The other character that had more than 5 lines in the picture was Kenneth Branagh's. He seemed utterly pointless. It seemed like he was watching the movie, and his purpose was just to say a cheesy lines about ""Home"" every once in a while. Tom Hardy's character was boring and repetitive, only to predictably save the day in the end. Because this movie is so messed up, it is really hard to decide who the main character is, but if I had to decide, it'd be the guy we see 1st. He is very forgettable. He looks and acts almost identical to his friend and almost everyone in the whole movie. He meets his friend while he is taking a dump. This is not a joke. So the main character doesn't poop. He stops and helps his new friend bury a body. And the guy doesn't poop the whole movie. And him and his new friend just try to escape the whole movie. That leads me to my second point: there is no plot. It's just a bunch of explosions. There's more plot in a Transformers movie. 'Poop guy' and 'bury dead body guy' just go from ship to ship trying to live. By the way, the movie is almost over before 'bury dead body guy' says anything. So these guys try to live, Kenneth Branagh stands on a dock and says things that don't matter, Mark Rylance picks up survivors in his boat, and Tom Hardy shoots other planes, while in his plane, over and over and over again, while not being seen or heard. And that's your movie. I kept waiting for the opening action sequence to be over. I kept waiting for it to slow down a little and have some exposition, but it never did. It was like I missed the beginning and just tuned into the climax of a long, humorless, silent picture. That's not to say that a movie can't be action packed and be great. U-571 is an example of a nearly non- stop, action packed, WWII movie, thrill ride. U-571 managed to have memorable and distinct characters with different purposes. U-571 had a plot with a clear goal and twists and turns. If Dunkirk could've just cut out some of the unnecessary bits, like Kenneth Branagh, and had the 1st half hour be set up and character development, then it could've been really good. But as it was, I didn't care about any of it. I kept watching English soldiers die and thinking, ""I don't care. This movie didn't make me care."" As simple as the plot for Dunkirk was, the movie was really confusing. You'd think if you're going for an exciting, action thriller, that a simple linear plot would suffice. This movie jumps all over the time-line without giving any hint that it just made a jump in time. Christopher Nolan does a great job of jumping all over the time-line in his movie Memento. In Memento, he manages to keep things coherent and engaging. Not so here. This is just disappointing. The time jumping is completely unnecessary here. What little dialogue there is in this film is really hard to hear because of thick accents, loud explosions, masks over faces, and the music being really loud in the mix. With a really simple plot that is really hard to follow and characters with zero development or even distinguishing traits, I found myself in a really big struggle to care about what I was watching, even with incredible imagery and sound design. Yet, the whole time, the movie was telling me what I was watching was really exciting with it's music score. And that leads me to my last point: I hated the music. It pains me to say that because I usually love Hans Zimmer, especially under the direction of Christopher Nolan. There is virtually no melody in this score. It's relentless and annoying. I guess I can't blame Zimmer, considering he was just scoring to picture. Imagine watching The Dark Knight, but during the entire movie all you heard was The Joker's theme, non-stop. That's what it's like. The whole soundtrack may as well just be an air raid siren. And it's not just the music. The sound effects, as incredible as they were, were also loud, annoying, and relentless. At times, I found myself covering my ears. I thought, ""Why am I paying money to cover my ears? What I'm covering my ears to is what I paid for."" You know what movie is better than this: all the movies I have seen this year. Valerian and The Mummy were even better. They were at least fun. The best movie I've seen this Summer is War for the Planet of the Apes, but you really need to see all the Apes pictures to get the full enjoyment out of that one. The next best is Spider-Man: Homecoming, but maybe you're not up to date with the Marvel movies. In that case, see Wonder Woman. You don't need to see the other DC movies to enjoy that one. But what ever you do, don't see Dunkirk. I beg of you not to give that garbage your support."
222,"As all other people i wanted to see this so called great movie. I went with my oldest son who as limited knowledge of Dunkirk and ww2. I know quiet a bit about this time period and was expecting a lot, however my expectations were too high as there were just too many things that spoiled the movie for me. Everyone who has seen Dunkirk pictures and movies from around that time period knows what i mean. let me give you few examples, - the only Germans you vaguely see are at the end - the view from the sea to the city and in the opening shows an intact undamaged city, while in 1940 the city was destroyed, it looks more like a holiday resort. - the beached were filled with cars, equipment and most of all soldiers of all nationalities, English, french belgiums and yes also dutch. - you only see few small ships, while there were more than 30 dutch fishing ships for example than the shot at the end with the spit, not to forget the skies at that time in 1940 were filled with German planes and not the few you see in the movie the effect is soo poorly done that its just disappointing. but most of all were were the German soldiers? So i left with a feeling like is this what everyone is to enthusiast about ? the more think about it the more i see that it was a waist of money and the beach view really did it for me, it spoiled everything. Dunkirk was not a pleasure resort but a destroyed city with dozens of corpses and equipment's on the beach. They should have altered it with the computer to make it more realistic.So if you now a wee bit of that time period than don't go, you will e disappointed."
223,I saw Dunkirk in a pre-screening before it was out for the general public and I was very surprised that it got the reception it did. In all fairness if you're reading these reviews to decide if it's worth watching or not odds are you are probably going to like it because so many people seem to but I can't for the life of me understand why. I think the soundtrack is just plain bad and mostly droning. I never felt emotionally attached to any of the protagonists so couldn't care what happened to them and overall it just feels like nothing really happens throughout the whole film. I'm a huge fan of Christopher Nolan in Inception and Dark Knight but this is a dud as far as I'm concerned.
224,"Looking at most of the other reviews I must have watched a different movie. I expected a lot from this movie from the build up and hype, especially given the story line. If you are expecting something along the lines of SPR then forget it. For a start this movie should have been a U certificate as there is absolutely nothing in it that would justify a 12a or even a 12 certificate. All that would constitute a rating above a U (Graphic scenes of violence, Gore element, Nudity and profane language) there was none. The whole film was empty of any feeling of fear or danger of what it was like being involved in the evacuation of Dunkirk. At no point do you get even a bit emotional during the movie and at the end you are left thinking Oh Well.. shall we go and get a pizza. I sat alongside a couple of people in their 80's who's only tears were the price of the tickets. They simply said 'It was nothing like that...much worse). This really was a movie about one man and his boat setting out in his frightfully perfect suit and tie in an effort to rescue the whole of 300,000 stranded servicemen. One dogfight involving 6 planes shown from different perspectives (which was not only boring but confusing) throughout the movie, two ships sinking..again shown multiple times from different perspectives and a few queues of soldiers in perfectly clean uniforms (bearing in mind they are escaping after months of combat) as if they were waiting for the canteen to open. When a 'straffe' occurred they all ducked as if ducking from the rain. The worse thing was you were left with the impression that only half a dozen local fishing boats went over because thats all you see arriving at the beach. Tom Hardy in the roll of a spitfire pilot was a total waste of an A list actor and as for the acting debut of Harry Stiles...well give me a break, stick to singing I would say. Mark Rylance is superb as ever and Kenneth Brannagh..well you know Kenneth.. Rah Rah Yah Yah and all that, a proper gentleman he was organizing the hospital ship. Strangely no German soldiers...in a WWII war film, give me a break please. The biggest laugh, all said and done and the half a dozen boats had rescued all 300,000 (which you didn't see) they were welcomed home by the dutiful English lady with a Cup of Tea more less saying 'There There Boys better luck next time. This movie given Nolan's previous work had so much potential and totally missed the opportunity. I give it 2 for the sound effects, which were also awful but better than the movie."
225,"I have never bothered to post a review before for any film. But I feel that I must to point out the nonsense of film reviewers these days. I see the critics post as must see, film of the year, et, etc. This was billed as a film with fantastic sound. I found the continuous droning noise whose pitch increased during the film to what I hoped would be a fantastic climax, but I the drone included what sounded like whale noises and more boring droning noises with occasional sounds of gun fire. I was bored after 15 minutes, the ridiculous story of the kid in the fishing boat, the original bit about the spitfire pilots and the nonsense of the soldiers taking cover in the boat.....absolute shallow lazy boring rubbish filming. If they added a decent music score it may have kept me interested. This film does not show it as it was its just absolute cap and does not come across as a powerful film at all. A waste of money."
226,"Ever since the end of the second world war, the phrase 'Dunkirk spirit' has been used in Britain to describe courage and solidarity in times of adversity. However, this film chooses to focus on a young soldier who tries every underhand trick he can think of to get on board the rescue vessels ahead of everyone else. Where's the bravery or self sacrifice in that? Instead of identifying with this ""hero"" I became increasingly angry with him and had nothing but contempt for his actions. Why not push in front of everyone else by pretending to be a medic? Why not pretend to be a survivor from a ship that's just been bombed and sunk? Not only do you get priority access to the next rescue boat but you get a hot drink, food and warmth before your comrades left behind on the beach. I was actually happy that every escape attempt failed for this character.It wouldn't be so bad if there was some dialogue to help us identify with Tommy's fears or motivation but the first part of the film is played out in almost mute silence. A group of soldiers walk through Dunkirk without any conversation or discussion of their situation. Thousands of soldiers stand on the beach waiting for rescue with no-one apparently talking to each other. I'm sorry but this is just unrealistic. But then it's equally unrealistic for Tommy and his comrades to have walked through a clean and rather modern looking town of Dunkirk where there is no damage to any of the buildings, despite the fact that the enemy (don't mention the Germans) are attacking the place. Freshly swept roads, clean windows and picture perfect sandbags for the French army to hide behind - surely the filmmakers could have built a decent set to depict a war damaged section of town?Christopher Nolan has said that he wanted to avoid CGI in this film and opt instead for a realistic approach. Okay, CGI has become all pervasive in modern films (and some of it is downright cheesy) but there's surely no reason why it couldn't have been used in this film to create the illusion of more soldiers on the beach or extra boats out at sea. Trying to depict such a large scale and epic event as Dunkirk in a realistic and authentic way is virtually impossible without using some CGI.The cinematic device of three different story lines being told on three separate timescales just doesn't work in this movie. The constant jumping back and forth between the different threads leads to some jarring continuity effects. One minute the sky is overcast, the next it's clear and sunny. One moment it's nighttime, the next it's daytime. It's a shocking mess.Halfway through the movie I found myself shifting around in my seat feeling increasingly irritated and it wasn't just the misadventures of our ""hero"". I realised it was the background music causing my discomfort; a relentless, monotonous assault on the ears. War might be hell but this soundtrack isn't far behind. When the small boats arrive at Dunkirk, a stirring rendition of 'Nimrod' from Elgar's 'Enigma' variations is played, albeit played at quarter speed. Is this really counted as being an original music score as stated in the credits? Sadly the answer appears to be yes because Elgar's music is no longer under copyright protection. The fact that somebody got credit for writing this particular section of ""original"" music is absolutely shameful.The clichés: when Tom Hardy's pilot has a problem with his fuel gauge and has to start making manual calculations on what fuel he has left, what are the chances that he will actually run out of fuel before the film ends? Well knock me down with a feather! He's run out of fuel. Gosh, I never saw that plot twist comingThe young boy who jumps on the small boat at the last moment as it leaves England, not realising (in his naivety) that it could be a dangerous journey. What are the chances of him being badly injured or even dying? Oh look he's dead. Surprised? Well only by the manner of his death and the lack of concern from the skipper of the boat when told of what's happened.What are the chances that our brave Spitfire pilot (who's just ditched in the sea) is going to be rescued from drowning at the very last second as the water laps over his head? What a cliffhanger! Our small boat gets there in the nick of time to save the day! On the edge of my seat and holding my breath with excitement? Er, no.Then we have that ridiculous ending. After shooting down an enemy plane (don't mention the Germans) Tom Hardy runs out of fuel. In an outstanding display of flying skills, our pilot extraordinaire not only manages to glide his Spitfire up and down the beach a couple of times but shoots down a Stuka bomber in the process before making a picture perfect landing on the beach as the sun sets. Why bother landing on the beach? He could have flown back to England in time for tea and tiffin. As the sun goes down he destroys his aircraft so the enemy (please don't mention the Germans) can't get their hands on it. Quite frankly a crash landing would have been much more entertaining and an appropriate epitaph for this sorry farrago of a movie.Verdict? This film is a turkey."
227,"*** This review may contain spoilers ***So, it looked promising and so lets start with the PROS; The intro sequence all 6 minutes (including the first dive bombing) should have continued for the whole movie - EPIC!That's it for pro's, really the rest will just make you depressed. CONS;A poorly cobbled together film without a story and achingly under- utilized actors.The awfully executed chronology lacked any reference or worthy explanation, exposing the glaring continuity issues and unbelievable plot mechanics. Sure tell a few different stories, but please at least maintain continuity WITHIN each story, it's as though the decision was made to have all these points of view early on - yet when it came time to film they did it over 2 days. A few extras lined up on a beach and some borrowed planes. F*$*. we are approaching the 2020's dammit - use some bloody good CGI as you clearly can afford it. The movie fails to portray even a 1/1000th of the actual evacuation - there were +- 330 000 troops leaving and over 60 000 killed ( thanks Wikipedia) yet ... Nolan fails to deliver any inkling of that sort of magnitude. The Brits left behind 63,879 vehicles including tanks and motorcycles + 2,472 field guns .... holy s*$(. but do we see a single tank or gun ... maybe 5 trucks and tug boat --- woo ooh ... also the ending is Horses excrement, climaxing with some stupid spitfire pilot who is SO worried about fuel, yet manages to fly around and engage bombers for the WHOLE FILM right up to, and after its engine stops ... SURE ... then it unbelievably swoops around with no engine (they obviously just cut the sound to make it look like the engine had stopped) and then swoops past TWICE along the beach and it is assumed by the plot that it engages and SHOOTS DOWN an approaching Stukka dive bomber -NO! NO! I CALL BULLSH$T MR NOLAN! So major bullsh%t climax moment out of the way, onto the meat and bones of this cut and pasted high school conceived garbage pile.Day, morning, evening, rough seas, very calm seas - NEVER bloody mind - just SHOOT the scene dammit! The ""DAY"" progresses achingly slowly and even although we see two sunrises / sunsets / a storm and everything in between we are meant to believe it all happens during these story points, what LAZY film making .... I do not believe. I never much cared for this Mr Nolan chap - and now after wasting my few dollar I feel confused for the future of film making and even more disappointed than ever for the general intelligence of the world. Are audiences/critics really that shallow / attention deficit that they cannot come up with an honest review so that others may find out before wasting time and effort? pathetic for a $150 Million budget. If i could SAVE 50k p/a i'd have to work for 20 YEARS just to make 1/150th of the budget... and yet THIS is the result. These people are living in a ridiculous reality paid for by you and I>"
228,"Yes, awful. How can anyone honestly give this film a positive recommendation? It is so amateurish. Whoever wrote the screenplay forgot the story. What story is it! It's not about Dunkirk, the famous WWII evacuation of British troops from France. What about the French troops? The British commander says to hell with them. Two cowards are the focus of the story. They will do anything to get out ahead of everyone else who are patiently waiting, keeping order, and waiting their turn. One other is picked up by a civilian boat on its way to rescue troops at Dunkirk, and he fights the crew to not go back. He kills one of them. Great story? I figure they used 5 planes to make the entire film: three RAF fighters, one German fighter, and one German bomber, all classic planes. Why I say this is b/c they only show three RAF fighters in one scene, and then it's always a one-on-one with all the other scenes. The special effects are from the 1950's. I think they did a better job in Wings, 1927. Also, it's hard to figure out what they are saying. I missed half the dialogue, but I didn't miss much b/c it's so worthless a film. It's aimless, boring, pathetic, and cheap. There is nothing epic about this film. It's a sad joke. What a waste of my money. It's one of the most over-rated films of all time."
229,"I am sure that the critics that write the reviews are paid shills because anyone who considers that movie to be a masterpiece has either never seen a war movie or is just taking money to lie to the public.Dunkirk was more spectacular than 7 or so boats, 3 planes and less than 300 men in a line on a beach. And whose idea was it to pay Tom Hardy a ridiculous sum of the budget to once again hide his face and never actually do what he is paid to do which last I checked was acting? It's obvious he was used in this movie to give it some credibility just like they did with the Mad Max debacle where he spent 3 quarters of the movie with a face covering on preventing him from speaking. The noise was awful and apparently some of that noise was considered to be music! Dull bass throbbing in every scene.Story? Lets not even go there. I can sum up the Story in one paragraph although you cannot really consider it a spoiler because there's nothing in this to spoil. ""Trapped on a beach awaiting rescue but the ships keep getting destroyed by dive bombers with only 3 planes to protect those ships. Ends with Hardy finally revealing his face when he is captured after landing his plane which has run out of fuel.""That's it. Everything else in between is just noise. To the people who consider themselves to be critics I say this: If you want the movie industry to become like the gaming industry where the main goal is most profit in shortest time regardless of the content then keep spouting the BS otherwise you need to start telling the truth for once. Two hours of noise and it cost them $100 million to make? It's obvious where that money went because these so called movie creators couldn't even be bothered to use CGI to expand the number of men, ships and planes to really set the scene. There was nothing in this movie and Tom Hardy was thick or corrupt enough to be used as the marketing tool. Don't waste your money."
230,"Crow the critics are about Nolan's latest, ""Dunkirk."" A stunning masterpiece say many. Masterpiece my ass.Snookered by the hype and war film fandom, ducats were placed on counter, a ticket for admission passed back. Lights dimmed, anticipation mounted, and... nothing. Nothing. Save lurching between disparate, battle set pieces featuring people for whom little or no empathy exists. Lacking investment in the characters, what remains are merely adequate, bloodless war scenes easily outgunned by the recent ""Fury"" and, farther back, ""Saving Private Ryan."" For example, a young boy is killed but we know nothing of him, nothing of his motivation for climbing aboard a civilian, Dunkirk-bound boat at the last minute. We feel nothing for him because he's simply a cardboard cutout.As the actors barely register emotion, boredom set in and not to be shaken off. The characters move as wind-up toys. There are few actors who bare their soul like Cillian Murphy, here a shell-shocked survivor. As directed, he sleepwalks with the depth of an amateur in a high school production. He's not alone. All the actors turn in measured performances with identical blank looks and monotone deliveries. Particularly wasted is the actor's actor, Kenneth Branagh.Certainly the bravery and sacrifice of civilian and military in the Dunkirk evacuation is celebrated in ""Dunkirk."" Thank you. However, this historical action occurred in 1940. Films echo the zeitgeist of the time in which they're produced. It's an odd choice to make a large (bad) film about an evacuation three-quarters of a century past. There's a stink of political agenda afoot in ""Dunkirk"" that's intolerable. The enemy, unseen in ""Dunkirk,"" lurks and kills from safety by air and ground. Surrounded with backs to the the Atlantic, the very survival of a way of life is in question, as portrayed in ""Dunkirk."" (Spoiler Alert: The Allies Won The War.) The enemy's attacks are isolated like terrorism. The result is ""Dunkirk"" weaves a cautionary allegory mirroring religious extremism bent on destroying all non-believers.Subtle propaganda is dangerous. ""Dunkirk"" fits that bill. Either that or Nolan is a complete idiot who hasn't a whit of sense. It's a toss-up based on a filmography including the lackluster borefest ""Interstellar,"" and the beyond inane ""Inception."" Nolan remains static in his career with ""Dunkirk."" His films are half-baked, underwritten, detached, and emotion-free. ""Dunkirk"" plays like a rough cut by a bad director who expects the viewer to emotionally fill-in-the-blanks. ""Dunkirk"" even lacks the courage of its convictions in being bloodless - there are no graphic deaths. At least Spielberg had the courage to rub the viewer's nose in the stench of death in ""Saving Private Ryan."" The first half hour of that film is unprecedented in the depiction of carnage (one can almost taste the grit of raining sand from nearby mortar strikes). Nolan sanitizes-for-your-own-protection. Yet he chose a violent topic and punked out; a war movie detached from death is not a film about war. By design, war cannot include gratuitous violence, just insanity - an element also lacking in ""Dunkirk.""The wall-to-wall dramatic, but mixed low, score loses its effectiveness and becomes annoying. And, the constant, ham-handed crosscutting between stories further waters this already thin soup by stopping a scene's dramatic momentum.A short scene in ""Mrs. Miniver"" (1942) featuring civilian Walter Pidgeon returning from Dunkirk in his shot up runabout says more in the visuals and a few lines of dialogue about the evacuation than the entirety of ""Dunkirk."" As Trump might Tweet, ""Sad!"""
231,"Very disappointing because of:*The worst voice quality of the recently watched films - terrible *Bad start ever, asphalt road, clear walls etc!!! *Too sterile pictures, sights - every body who starts a research will see on the old 1940s photos of Dunkirk that roads , buildings and coasts were full of mess, debris etc. *The casts have no faces, names like zombies - only a died boy's name - George- remained in my mind. There is no really main character(s) *Very poor views of the dogfights *Poor picture quality -grain noisy and sometimes the objects is out of focus- and camera movements compared example to the War for the Planet of the Apes - over all the best quality every levels, sound, voice, picture quality, camera movements actors performances etc.- and compared to other IMAX movies *I gave only 1 point because of these reasons, the huge budget and the very professional A list directors, crews and actors. The bottom of the B category for ~150 mil.Finally I was a big Nolan fan but now I am very disappointed and a bit up set in turn I'm and my family big fan of the cinemas especially ODEON ISENSE with Dolby Atmos. Usually I didn't do reviews I'm sick of this terrible movies."
232,"where to start ... WW2 ended over 70 years ago, so I thought it was the time to tell true stories about what happened back then, but I guess I was wrong, and the allies still need some sort of ego- boosters, where the Germans are portrayed as dumb with fighters made of paper. The movie is very boring and slow to be categorized under war genre, and you can see that clearly even on the faces of the actors ... 400,000 soldiers trapped on a beach, should be a movie scene that everyone will remember for years, yet all we saw were few bored soldiers standing in lines as if they were waiting for bathroom... the lines of people at movie theaters who went to watch this movie looked more crowded and alive than the 400K !! And where are all those civilians boats which everyone was talking about? I thought it was gonna be a huge fleet, yet they were no more than a dozen of them !!!! I am not gonna mention the background music as this was a disaster which needs a separate review by itself... save your time and maybe spend your money on buying any WW2 game which will be 100 times more exciting than watching this"
233,"I went to the cinema with good expectations. A great war movie.. Well.. It's wasn't great, and it wasn't a war movie..400.000 men it said on the poster, if I would count there were at most a 1000.Surrounded by Germans it said, maybe it was at the time I went to the toilet but no Germans seen here..After 1 hour I really wanted to get out of the cinema, but I was not alone so eventually I stayed for the whole (too long) 1:45..Don't go and pay money for this, if you really want to see it despite the awfulness this movie is, watch it on Netflix and buy a lot of beer to drink the story through.."
234,"...that movie was better than this. I've seen plenty of horror movies... but not one has terrified me more than seeing this prime example of what Hollywood has come to now. The two hours of this film were just a disgrace of what a rich studio can do for a quick paycheque. If Christopher Nolan wanted the audience to feel as shell-shocked and horrified as the characters in his movie, then he truly succeeded. I have never wanted to escape the situation of being in that theatre more than his characters wanted to escape that beach. First of all, this isn't your typical war movie. There was no bloodshed, no gore, not even any real violence, which some might find refreshing. However, there was also hardly any dialogue and zero character/plot development...you know, things you would expect in a basic movie. I wanted to care for the characters so badly, or anything that went on in this movie. But the scenes were either too dragged out, or they would cut out at odd times, leaving you with a general disconnect from what was going on in any scene. The only explanation for what went on was just in the form of incomprehensible murmurs from the actors. This movie was based on a heroic and honourable rescue mission, and if the audience was made known of this simple fact, it would have set such a better tone. This movie had so much potential. If Nolan focused more on plot development rather than aesthetics, this movie might've actually been worthy of the multiple Oscar nominations it is going to get. To sum it up, this movie is basically a beautiful war-themed music video on mute. If you can appreciate that as a movie, then maybe you will enjoy Dunkirk. As for me, I'd rather watch worms hatch eggs than come anywhere close to a movie like this ever again."
235,"I am fully disappointed with that movie. Brazilian specialized press is saying that is the best movie of the year. Elio Gaspari in his papers' column said today the movie is excellent. I fully disagree. First of all it is a boring movie. I had two or three times the wish of leaving the theater. As a matter of fact, some guys did so. Second, is a quite illogical movie, regarding space and time. They mixed together time shifted events, and I just realized that reading the critics. Third is a type of horror movie in which the intention is to scare you. Why the sound is so loud? I had the impression Count Dracula would show himself up to bite some soldiers' neck. After spending and loosing 5USD with the ticket and regretting not to leave the theater before movies end, I realized that was the worst movie on WWII ever shot. I dare to say that is the worst movie ever shot about any war, not just WWII."
236,"Too loud, too disjointed, too much Kenneth Branagh staring meaningfully into the distance. There seemed to be many scenes that would not be reasonable, starting with two soldiers encountering each other in an isolated location: they would not silently go about their business without confirming each other's identity. I thought I saw a spitfire that had run out of fuel first fly right-to-left, then left-to-right to land on a beach in front of the Germans, descending in daylight and landing in darkness. There was so much confusion as to what was being shown, and such loud ""music"" that it was difficult to follow the story. The critics seem to love this movie. I don't know why."
237,"This movie is beyond bad:1. Annoying music: permanent background music that tries to convey dramatic moments for all the scenes, even undramatic scenes. I was annoyed 15 minutes into the film. 2 Hours later, was wondering why I didn't walk out of the film earlier. I counted at least 10 people walking out and not coming back. 2. Bad editing. The story unfolds from three different perspectives, which makes the scenes repetitive and adding nothing.3. Boring. Nothing really happens.4. Unrealistic. Without giving any spoiler, the movie does not represent at all the sheer magnitude of what happened in Dunkirk.Please don't waste your time watching this, not even on Netflix or TV."
238,"This is absolutely the most boring movie I have sat through. Little dialogue, characters you couldn't care less for, most of the dialogue is mumbling, the score is annoying, the time-line is confusing to say the least. There were 350,000 men on that beach, in the movie there are a couple hundred at most. Full of cliché lines that make you cringe. No enemy, no stakes, no obstacles for the protagonist whoever it was."
239,"The subject matter provided so much potential, so much opportunity - but instead it is unbelievably bad in almost every possible respect. It may have been closer to a Battle of Britain film than about Dunkirk.For a film about Dunkirk I would watch the old one from the 1950's which is a little slow at the beginning as they develop the characters - but in the end the film so so much better having characters in it.I guess the budget must have run out though - they didn't have enough money to buy any German uniforms. You don't see any German troops fighting. Even when they are in the boat all you see is bullet holes appearing but you don't see the Germans. Then at the very end of the film you see the pilot being taken prisoner by two Germans who are blurred out! Why was that?"
240,"Absolutely garbage film. The worst WW2 flick I've ever seen and 2 hours down the pan.There's probably more dialogue in Castaway than this lazy, poorly thought- out depiction of a truly epic real life event.Honestly, don't believe the hype and do not waste your money."
241,"Where do I start. I suppose it's that I feel compelled to write my first ever review. This is an abomination of a ""film"". From the horrific score to the lack of character. From the ear splitting sound design to way he tried to ""Nolan"" the chronology. From the dull screen play to the lack of any act structure it's a boring, aggravating mess. How is this getting such good reviews. I can only think that everyone, as I did, expected it to be another Nolan masterpiece!!!??? I've never wanted to leave a cinema more and I was forced to sit through the ungodly mess that was Transformers 5 last week."
242,"8.5 out of 10? NOT A CHANCE! I've always thought the IMDb ratings of various movies has been fairly spot on. No longer. This must be a 'PAID FOR' score! There is simply NO WAY people as a whole rated this movie THAT well, literally 0% chance.There is barley a movie to talk about here! Really, I can't even think of a good spoiler to tell you. Almost no dialog at all. No interesting characters whatsoever and no connection, you don't care at all if someone dies.Synchronicity flip flops all over the place for no good reason and is done poorly.The two redeeming features were the visuals and dramatic score... However, they do nothing to add value as you see right through them. Half a star each. After 20 mins I was ready to walkout due to boredom, I didn't, but I wish I had, because it gets no better... Credits were the best part, and even that was dull. Worst movie I have seen in years, and I recently watched Suicide Squad!"
243,"This movie is so bad that we had to leave the cinema before it finished. It is merely a shallow attempt to depict the ""moment"" and nothing else.Content wise it offers no insight into the historic context, nothing. There's no dialogue, no story line whatsoever. If the intention of whoever made this movie is just to focus on the ""moment"", the state of being trapped of the soldiers then it also fails at that. For example, there were some efforts to portrait the mental state of the soldiers but dare I say it was an insult to those who fought in the war. What was being portrayed was mostly fear, the British soldiers depicted like a bunch of pathetic cowards, some was even tactically cheating to get on board, or accusing their fellow soldier of being a spy henceforth should get off the boat when it gets too heavy. Of course it's understandable to be desperate when you're in between life and death, but seriously what about other mentalities of the other hundred thousand soldiers? I cant help but thinking just play the opening scene of Saving Private Ryan on loop and you already have a much better result than this.Lookwise, it is so off putting. They said there were 400,000 soldiers trapped in Dunkirk but throughout the movie, you only saw a few boats and planes. Fair enough if they don't want to use screen effects to keep the realness, but then why alternate the colour of the whole movie to that omnipresent teal and orange look? It is too overused that some scenes don't even look real. The city in the opening scenes looks just fine and nowhere near like it's been at war, the high rank soldiers' uniform was flawless. The soldiers' faces look well fed and slept except some dirt on their face. In many scenes the composition of the frame is repeated in the same way: the camera was positioned below skyline so the frame was dominated by the sky and the beach, in the middle were silhouette of the soldiers, running across or. If this is the only way to portray the state a of being trapped then it shows a very very poor imagination. There's only so much left to criticize but I'll leave it here. For me this is the worst movie I've seen, also it's disrespectful to take such subject too lightly."
244,"After enduring this film I was blown away to discover the critical acclaim for this movie! Not to mention the IMDb user reviews! This movie took me to a whole new level of bland. To take one of the most significant events of World War 2 and turn it into THE most dull and bland cinematic experience of my life. The film was woeful. I have never been so detached from the characters in a film ever. I'm thinking the entire script would be lucky to fill more than a page. Not to mention the action. We have around 400,000 men needing evacuation. But it looked like a couple of thousand. There was no scale. The action was damn stupid from start to finish. Did they hire an expert? Hell no. I'm an ex soldier and that is not how any of that action sounds. Not to mention the cruddy no stakes PG 13 action. Did a main character just die? No idea. The editing was so terrible. And who cares if a character dies. There's no character development. So there's nothing to invest in. What a mess."
245,"Average Movie. Nolan has made a bore with interstellar and now this one. There is no story what so ever. Just soldiers on an island and soldiers in a plane. No plot or anything. Just two hours of soldiers on a beach. Since this movie is based on true events, how did the movie not have a plot? Instead of wasting your money on this go to google images and type in soldiers on a beach or soldiers in a plane. There I saved you 15 bucks. Loud and annoying music that wasn't needed. Hans Zimmer will try to use his music to have you thinking this movie will get intense but it never does.Another thing to note is most of the reviews on here for this movie are fake. I am constantly on this website and within the first 24 hours of the release of this movie there was already 100s of reviews posted. No other movie will have that many reviews that fast. Chistopher Nolan must of put some of the movie's budget into hiring people to write reviews. Planet of the apes came out a week before this and that only has 50,000 votes. This movie already has 115,000. Don't believe me? then check for yourself. Either half the audience had permission to watch the movie before anyone else or Nolan hired 100s of people for fake votes. Nolan is falling fast after his Batman Trilogy and he is an overrated director.1/10."
246,"Reviews claiming this movie ""greatest WW2 movie"" are an absolute nonsense. ""Dunkirk"" barely qualifies for the genre. * There is zero land combat between Allied and German forces portrayed in the movie. There is no depiction of tanks, artillery or infantry engaged in hostilities on land. There is a dozen aircraft and ships from the era and what looks like a cast of a few hundred. The movie does not deserve its title. It is in fact an insult to the memory of ""Dunkirk"", the professional British Soldier, Seaman and Airman, the civilian and merchant crews of the rescuing flotilla, the population of Dunkirk - to all those souls from both sides of the conflict present at Dunkirk late May early June 1940. * The 2 main characters are cowards. There is a repelling creepiness about their relationship. They don't look or act like professional British soldiers orderly holding on for evacuation rather they act like a pair of modern gender fluid sis males desperately trying to return to their safe space. This is the central story and it is about these 2 cowards deserting their post and using every trick they can think of to push in front of everyone else including the wounded to get aboard a ship home to safety. They even throw their rifles away not long into the movie the gutless scum. They deserved a court-martial sentence to be shot for the selfish, cowardly desertion of their comrades. If the Allied soldiers had acted this disgracefully the defense and evacuation of Dunkirk could never have taken place and the war lost. * A ""shell shocked"" soldier is rescued at sea by a civilian boat crewed by a middle aged gent and two teenage boys. This soldier flies into a rage demanding the boat steer immediately to England and not onto Dunkirk to rescue more men. In this rage he pushes one of the boys down a hatch to a lower deck where the boy strikes his head and dies thus committing murder. However, on return to England he is metaphorically slapped on the back and told ""not to worry old chap you are shell shocked so killing innocent people is totally expected of you. Don't you worry yourself we will lie to the authorities and the boys family so you never face justice. Now off you go and have some fun.""* The disgraceful behavior of cowards and and the unlikely, unpleasant murder of a boy are deemed more worthy to depict than the inspiring stories of heroic courage and mateship displayed by the highly trained and experienced professional soldiers these men were. Brave men on the outer defenses and town fought desperately to ensure their comrades safe evacuation. These men knew they faced two possible outcomes - death or capture for the wars duration. The soldiers evacuated would have swapped places with their mates defending the beach without a thought. The movie should be about their valor not the shameful cowardice of deserters or the unlikely actions of a soldier claiming ""shell shock"".This is perhaps the most over hyped disgrace of a movie I have seen. It is a shameful disservice to the men that fought at Dunkirk and the brave men in tiny boats that came to their rescue."
247,"My greatest fear while watching Nolan's new movie if that just because he has delivered back to back world-wide hits and seen as the most intelligent film-maker; critics and Nolan-fans are obliged to given 10/10 ratings even if the movie is very average or even bad.Dunkirk finally turned my fear into reality.The movie is simply plain boring. You don't feel attached to any character. I don't even care if they die. The Aerial shots featuring Tom hardy all seem repetitive. It was not ""immersive"", ""out of the world"" experience as many critics are saying.One critic wrote that there was pin-drop silence in theater. Yes, I agree but not because people are tense but perhaps they are sleeping.And dear western media, I know world needs a anti-war message right now but that doesn't mean you start giving rave reviews to such a pathetic movie. ALL PEOPLE know wars are bad. EVEN TRUMP knows that. EVEN Hitler knew that. We don't need a Nolan-movie to realize that.Half-hour into the movie and I was desperately waiting for it to get over. The only people who might like it are Britons because they have heard Dunkirk stories growing up and might relate to it. But for rest of the world, it is simple plain boring.Save your money and better watch Dark knight at home. Giving 1 star to bring some sanity back into the world. Although the movie might deserve 6/10."
248,"What a disappointment! The worst part was the tooth rattling and incessant background bass beat that seemed only loosely related to the equally deafening and incessant score. More intrusive even then the ridiculous soundtrack in Gravity during the destruction of the space station in airless space, the beat and the score in Dunkirk drowned out what limited dialogue and atmosphere was present in every scene of the movie, even trespassing a bit on the hammy and over-extended scenes with Kenneth Branagh (no real loss there, I guess). When you can't hear the Merlin engine of a Spitfire from the cockpit, then you know there's a problem. Speaking of which, what can you say about Spitfire whose fuel and ammunition lasted forever, and whose terminal glide seemed even longer than that, and yet somehow apparently ended in the timely destruction of a Stuka mid-dive bombing?I cannot fathom the positive reviews this film received.It wasn't even that impressive as a spectacle. Where were the masses of abandoned equipment and materiel? Some stacked crates right at the start, and a single anti-aircraft gun? The opening scenes on the beach of Saving Private Ryan left an impression 100 times stronger than this entire film."
249,The movie is so slow. Watching the trailer you would expect action scenes in the movie but there is almost none. Its all one side is attaching and the other is defending. You almost feel in the beginning the director is setting up the movie nice for some nice action to follow but midway through the movie you realize that nothing has happened and apparently nothing is going to happen. The movie never picks up. It just fails.
250,The movie started with very good scenes and I already had high expectations.But towards the end the movie started getting a little boring.Overall was good.
251,I wandered i cried i laughed i've been into Dunkrik. This is a most seem movie.
252,"I love Christopher Nolan movies, and it was with great expectation, that I was looking forward to seeing Dunkirk!...But I left the movie theatre feeling empty and bitterly disappointed!..Sure there were parts of the movie that were great, but as a whole it just didn't work for me. Too much time was spent moving from beach-head, to boats to planes in the air....I was starting to get sea-sick!...The acting, of which there was precious little was bland and uninspiring. I hope Nolan's next movie is a lot better?"
253,"The aim of making a firs-person sense was a good bet, but the tension never reached the heights for it to be overwhelming, that could carry the movie for good. It's a mixture of theatrical and movie elements wih also historically unbalanced setup. There was just to few a people in certain scenes, where the camera tried to cheat, with bad luck."
254,I've never seen movie that bad they are Scared from Something We Never Saw
255,0 british soldiers were killed and there was an entire Indian regiment. Still discrimination occurs. Such a lie got Oscars? Not a single mention of Indian soldiers who in reality saved. No harry styles was fighting then. Shame.
256,"There's nothing wrong with a little bit of music to accompany/enrich/intensify what you're seeing. But just like he did with Inception, Nolan pretty much tries to drive you insane with the incessant and never-ending build-up of sound effects and 'music' (mostly just drawn-out notes) in climactic action scenes.Why can't I decide for myself when to get excited for the things that are unfolding on screen? I could do without excruciating miserable tunes and the umpteenth glued on artificial ba boom ba bump ba boom heartbeat for that. This movie is filled to the brim (literally in a couple of scenes) with cheap clichés of people avoiding disaster just in time. It's tiresome, annoying and an insult to the viewer.It's a shame, because it would've been a decent watch otherwise."
257,"Well, I've finally seen ""Dunkirk"". Like most my first impression was one of awe. I was particularly impressed with the dog fight scene.In most movies the planes get a bead on the enemy plane and blast it out of the sky. This showed that it is not that easy. The plane is bobbing around like a cork and you have the enemy plane doing his maneuvers so most times a hit may even be impossible. Then later started to think there was something missing from the movie In my search to find out more about this conflict I came across this documentary, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcX8NvJPOFc. It was while watching this that it came to me what was missing in the movie. It was reality. The opening scenes of the young Brit soldiers walking through the French village stands out. The buildings were pristine, not one brick out of place, no rubble and just flyers floating down. It's a known fact that at this time France was going through hell and a lot of towns and villages were hit. The other thing that I picked up in this doco was the troops on shore were being attacked by waves of 50 to 100 German Stukas. In the movie you only see 2 or 3. The thing Nolan seemed to be proud of was that most of his FX were practical and he did not rely on CGI. While this is indeed an achievement in itself I feel there were parts where CGI wouldn't have gone amiss. It was admitted that they use cardboard cutouts to enhance the number of soldiers waiting on the sure.Photo Shopping was used and massive printers. The easy answer, and cheaper, option would have been to use matts. This is a method whereby images are painted on a glass plate and placed in front of the camera.
As far a performances where concerned I did not see anything that really stood out."
258,"Completamente una película ridícula, esperaba muchísimo del tan estimado Nolan, la historia es demasiado confusa y no deja muy en claro de que se trata todo ese cuento de más de 2 horas. Una completa decepción."
259,"Although the time frame on the Dunkirk beach is a week (not sure if this is historically accurate), Nolan found a clever way to convey the sense of urgency and time pressure by mixing it with different time spans of 1 hour (Spitfires in air) and 1 day (ships on sea). Let's get one thing out of the way right up front: The camera-work (including IMAX scenes) is just marvelous. Whereas war movie classics such as Saving Private Ryan shined by the character arcs and the writing, Dunkirk is a totally different beast. You could say this is a war movie where the complete 1st act is missing as it starts right at the battle. A more conventional movie for example would have shown the protagonists being introduced in boot camp (Full Metal Jacket) or when they enrolled to go to war (Gallipoli). By this unconventional choice Nolan dodges a lot of war movie clichés (which is refreshing to any viewer who has seen it all a hundred times before), but also trades off a lot of potential depth the movie could have had.It felt a bit anonymous, but maybe that just emphasizes how unimportant individual lives in these wars are. On the other hand, if it had let's say flashback backstory scenes cut in, this would only have slowed down the incredible pace and tension. As it is, the movie has maximum effectiveness in what it tried to do: Become a survival movie set in WWII. Sure, I don't know anything about the soldier we're following on his way to the beach (I'm not even sure his name gets mentioned), but boy, was I sitting on the edge of my seat as he tries to survive throughout the movie.And this is where Hans Zimmer comes in. The score ramps up this tension. I like to compare this movie to a Wagner opera: You're really on edge the whole time. This is not a lazy couch movie. Of the whole run-time there was maybe half an hour in total where my heart was not racing. The sound design was something that I criticized in Interstellar, because it overcasts the dialogue. But given that most of characters speak less words in Dunkirk than I wrote in this review so far, this is not a concern here. (Acting is fine, however, by the way.)Much like Nolan's earlier work I can see how it is a polarizing movie to audiences, but without a doubt it is something special. I prefer this any day to the average Marvel popcorn entertainment movie. Ironically, Marvel characters might be more fleshed out, but in a Marvel movie you never fear for anyone's life. It is like a James Bond movie, to give another example: you know exactly that despite all the insane action his life is not at risk. But in this movie, despite knowing that 300,000 soldiers survived, you feel like everything's on stake. High praise to the technical capabilities of everyone involved in achieving this."
260,"Firstly, before seeing the film its important to know, as you will better understand what happens. A film broken up into three timelines. On the ground(The Mole), on the sea, and In the air. Broken across a week, day, and hour respectively, meticulously stitched together to form the story. We watch the main characters a private desperate to return home, a father & two sons helping out on the sea, and a squadron giving support from the air. Every seen pushes you, the viewer, to the edge of your seat even more, reaching the climax where you cannot bear the tension. Trying to convey the fear in the soldiers as the Axis' close in on them."
261,"Loved this film and paid tribute to real heroes.
Just a couple of irritating things. The warships used were not British and it was obvious.The worst picky issue for me were the Container Cranes in the background when the docks of Dunkirk were shown.Containers weren't invented until late 50s early 60s and these cranes quite a while after !!!"
262,"*Pausing my inner Nolan fanboy-ism for a moment*Christopher Nolan virtually transports us to the epicenter of Dunkirk like a time machine. This is one of the most immersive films in recent times and I love the fact that it's not 3D. From the first scene, every gun shot, bomb, engine noise sounds dramatically real, along with that mind altering Hans Zimmer soundtrack the movie psychologically keeps you in a state of fear and panic till the end. Hans Zimmer is on a league of his own. His masterful rendition of creating the perfect atmosphere through sound is second to none. The cinematography too is equally breathtaking!But this has to be his least Nolanesque film. The movie is not intellectually complex nor is the screenplay nonlinear. You won't remember any character or connect with them deeply except of course Tom Hardy that too only slightly. The full movie felt like an extended climax to a prequel. There is still that elemental mix of black and white, where you've lost even though you've won themes he takes in his films.Truly worth watching in IMAX if you get the chance.Cheers!PS: Hopefully Nolan soon rises..because he can take it, because he's not our hero, he's a silent guardian, a watchful protector, a Dark Knight.*Nolan fanboy-ism continues*"
263,"That was definetely the worst war movie I have ever seen. I really don't remember, when last time I rated movie less than 5/10, but ""Dunkirk"" really does not deserve more than 1/10. I don't want to repeat the allegations of predecessors, but could someone please explain me, who was the enemy, or the bandits? Against who were the British and French fighting? It looks like Germany together with Switzerland was independent during the II World War."
264,Harry Styles being in this movie made way for interesting. I suggest...unless you hate 1D or Harry Styles. Which you shouldn't!
265,"Set against the backdrop of WWII comes this gripping, tour de force motion picture. The year is 1940, and Allied troops from Belgium, France, and England find themselves awaiting evacuation with the German army steadily closing in. The film chronicles multiple, interwoven narratives of those attempting to flee, those doing their best to aid the effort from afar, and those who would rather stand and fight. From the moment it starts it pulls you in with a vivid, breathtaking sense of time and place, and continually offers new, unexpected story turns to keep you on the edge of your seat. With a booming score, minimal dialogue, swift pacing, and a quick editing style the film is bound to keep certain viewers distant from all the goings-on, but for the most part it's effective in making you feel like you were there to witness it all; an ambitious and memorable showing. ***"
266,"If u know history, then u will ask yourself, where are those French soldiers? Without French army fighting in Dunkirk to stop Germans, there will be not one British soldier evacuated alive. A lot of history facts are missing. This movie is a work of art, and its very good, but if u want to see a full Dunkirk story, this movie is like 10th episode of 10 episode serial."
267,"...you know when you watch some small scale re-enactment of some famous battle portrayed in a small bleak field that the cows have been hastily cleared out of after being given a flyer in a pub and thinking 'Why not, might be a laugh'. Except going into something like that you don't expect anything amazing, you know they aren't spending a lot on it and you're happy with just a few puffs of smoke and someone chucking fireworks around. They're just doing the best they can and it's at least interesting to watch for half an hour.That's this film in a nutshell except with $100M chucked at it and it is honestly puzzling where that money possibly went. There's no dramatic shots of hundreds of thousands of soldiers cowering on the beach amongst all the abandoned vehicles and equipment whilst coming under hellish fire and no epic shots of hundreds of ships lining up to desperately get them off the beach. No, what we get is 2% of that scene without any CGI to fill in the gaps. A small group of soldiers on a pristine beach with a few boats and planes chucked in and about as much action, drama and suspense as a kid's school play.Not only does this totally fail to capture the horror of Dunkirk or properly portray the story but it is just a complete mystery how something that looks this amateur possibly cost $100M to make. For reference here: Saving Private Ryan cost $70M and was made almost 20 years ago when special effects were far more basic, Black Hawk Down cost $92M in 2001, Hacksaw Ridge only $40M in 2016 and the Siege of Jadotville I can't even find information for (probably because it was so low budget). All of these films not only made for dramatic visual spectacles and incredible stories (even if some took many liberties on the truth) but they also truly showed how horrific war is. Dunkirk just makes it look like a day at the beach with a little minor peril thrown in. Even the short Dunkirk scene in Atonement ($30M) created far more gripping and spectacular visuals of the evacuations and that's not even really a war film. I've seen BBC war documentaries with far better re-enactments than Dunkirk. Even if you adjust for inflation since 1998 for Saving Private Ryan the budget only comes out barely higher than for Dunkirk and they achieved so, so much more for it... not to mention paying fortunes to the big names in it.Honestly what Dunkirk reminded me of most was one of the propaganda films they're trying to make in Their Finest on a shoestring budget by filming boats in paddling pools from clever angles. Except without the cleverness. Apparently lots of the shots were based on photos of the actual event showing troops lining up on the beaches... but it's like they didn't realise those photos showed only a small section of the beach and there was a lot more stuff going on out of frame. They also apparently never saw any of the photos showing the masses of abandoned tanks, vehicles and weapons because the beach is beautifully empty. I don't know... perhaps the local council only gave them permission to shoot for a couple hours and didn't want to be clearing away props for days. Certainly not what you'd expect for something with a budget that eclipses pretty much every war film before it. Really the only explanation is that 90% of the budget went on overhyping the hell out of this film and suckering people into sitting through it...
Pile on top of this the poor direction choices, lack of characterisation, dialogue and pretty much anything else of any substance and the mystery becomes less about the finances and more about why anyone would think this is a good film."
268,"I love WW2 films. I loved the Longest Day. But im affraid this film is totally over rated. Has the feeling of a low budget BBC TV drama, not a major war film with a budget of 100m. The scenes totally lack the size, scope and drama of the real life situation...400,000 men rescued from the beeches in 5 days by 800 ships, whilst under constant attack. It must have been complete and utter panic and mayhem."
269,"So I was rather excited to finally see this, seeing the amount of praise and hype heaped on it by critics at time of release.All I can imagine is they watched a different movie. Because the movie I watched was where 3 British Spitfires, one of which defies the laws of physics when it runs out of fuel but still keeps fighting and flying until the end of the movie (yeah ... no plane's don't work like that!), fought about 3 German BF-109's and a Heinkel bomber for 1.5 hours set against the backdrop of a few hundred British servicemen patiently waiting on the beach to be picked up by a fishing boat driven by a man and two boys zig-zagging in between 2 British destroyers, while having my ears assaulted by the same few bars of ""I can't believe it's not heist scene from the start of the The Dark Knight"" dramatic score played in an endless loop for the duration of the movie.If the above sounds very reductionist, it's because that's basically what this movie is: Minimal. To be fair there are 2 ships that get sunk and who's personnel get rescued by the above fishing boat while all this is going on, and you also get Kenneth Branagh chewing up the scenery on a regular basis, but I can't overstate though just how lacking in scale and sense of drama this movie is. It's definitely not this grand epic that it's been made out to be, it feels more like it wants to be an art-house film but found itself lumbered with a mega-budget to try and use up."
270,"The most boring and uninspiring movie Nolan has made. It is unrealistic and is not a good war movie, due to it's story line. The only good point in the movie is the cgi and cinematography which is great"
271,"Must say that was looking forward to see this one, but i feel that the movie never got ""started"" and feels like it was made really quick... when the movie was over, i was disappointed ..."
272,"This film portrays the horrors of war. And it closes with a soldier who has survived Dunkirk reading Churchill's saying in a newspaper that might shall restore the British Empire. That's like people in the Bible Belt saying ""the south shall rise again,"" like Churchill and Truman compensating for the holocaust by pushing the United Nations to make Irgun, a Zionist organization both had designated terrorist, for murdering noncombatants, the government of Israel. It's like Truman murdering a hundred thousand Japanese civilians after their government had lost the war. It's the base of Dirtbag Drumpf's efforts to ""make America great again."""
273,"Very slight spoilers ahead:
We see soldiers walking leisurely through a town when they are beyond their own lines.We see soldiers standing (for at least a day and a night) tightly grouped without any cover in the range of enemy artillery. To make matters worse several of them are standing (without reason, no boat near) on the surf.We see military ships anchored near the beach waiting to be bombed by the lonely German bomber executing low-level bombing runs (from maybe 50m height) because AA guns are just there to show them to being swivelled (only once we see one shooting).Ships are (said to be) sunk by a submarine _in the English channel_ and even near the beach as if they need absolutely no draft to hide.Fighters are supposed to save fuel by entering the combat zone already at the deck (i.e. With no potential energy to spend) but afterwards have fuel to hang around for the rest of the movie.Supposedly experienced fighter pilots attempt to shoot down evading enemy fighters by aiming straight at it (without any deflection).Fighter planes (definitely constructed for turning and not gliding) glide better than any glider plane can dream of.And the whole time a sound track which reminds one more of industrial noises than music."
274,"DISCLAIMER: If you suffer from any form of anxiety, panic attacks or PTSD, then take caution when watching this film.I feel a bit shell-shocked after watching this, so if one of Nolan's aims was to ensure the audience felt like a shell-shocked soldier then he was successful.The Hans Zimmer score was so intense, so anxiety-inducing, that at times I found it incredibly distracting. It felt like probably the most developed ""character"" in the whole film. Because character development was mostly thrown out the door in 'Dunkirk'. The opening scenes gave me more anxiety than the opening of Saving Private Ryan - and this was achieved without any gore.The film depicts events from three different perspectives. Personally, I wish the film had focused mainly on the everyday fishing boats off to rescue the lads - Mark Rylance's performance was the best and I felt really invested in his boat's story.I love Spitfires and the fighter aces of WWII. They're one of my favourite topics to read about and explore. I found the dog fight aerial scenes underwhelming in 'Dunkirk' though. I actually found them somewhat unrealistic, where I had actually anticipated them to be the most authentic depictions in film yet. If you want to see a better example of this; check out 'Battle of Britain'.Why go to so much effort in creating authenticity in a war film, only to just throw it away at times? Some scenes felt contrived. Events weren't always chronological which made it feel disjointed. Emphasis was put on 400,000 soldiers needing to be evacuated from the beaches of Dunkirk. Yet, here I was watching 3 blokes sitting around on the most deserted stretch of beach I've ever seen.In a film with limited dialogue, it actually managed to include ""filler"" dialogue. The Kenneth Branagh scenes in particular came across as if Nolan was trying to educate an assumed dumb American audience on this part of the war.I felt more invested in the film right towards the end. Perhaps by then, I'd got accustomed to the jarring Hans Zimmer score, or maybe it was the three perspectives coming together that made the film feel more 'whole'. In a film that was my most anticipated of the year, I'm left feeling a little disappointed and underwhelmed - it was an alright movie but could've been so much more."
